Alex:
A genuine, but sometimes secretive friend. He is logically oriented and a cunning planner. Although he can easily attain a partner, he usually tends to be a lone wolf because he doesn't believe in a frivolous relationship, and yearns for true love. They tend to not subscribe to the conventions of society, doing what they feel is most entertaining or comfortable. He is self-validated, and a risk taker, although his outward confidence hides a more vulnerable character. True Alex's won't be involved in activities like Football and Lacrosse, the ones who do are usually shorter and less comfortable with their masculinity. Due to their creativity and determination, Alex's are goal-oriented and work tirelessly to reach their long term mission. He loves having fun and will risk embarrassment for a good laugh. He never feels the need to drink or do drugs because he doesn't need them to enjoy life. Overall, Alex's are a constant source of laughs and are exceptionally loyal friends you'd be lucky to have.

Amy:
Amy is a beautiful girl willing to do anything for her friends and family. She is brave, loyal and super smart. She's the type of girl who will grow up to be some sort of heroine. She's the type of girl you want as a best friend because she won't stab you in the back and will always put everyone else before her. She stands up for what's right and is very stubborn. Her soul is like a sparkly rainbow unicorn.

Andrew:
t is Greek origin, and the meaning is "man, warrior". Andrews are athletic and knowledgeable and sometimes act shy and reserved but are really out going and crazy when you get to know them. They like computers and comics/super heroes just as much as they like sports, they are the best of both worlds. Andrews will be there when you need them, but you have to be there for them at the same time. If you are lucky enough to be friends with an Andrew you are in for a wild ride. Once you meet him, you will never forget him. Andrews are also quick on their feet and always have a come back ready for you..so be prepared. Sometimes Andrews have ego issues, they like to be the best and are extremely stubborn. They will make you laugh and make you cry, but you will always forgive an Andrew no matter what. Also they like fast cars. And drifting. Andrews will scare you shitless. If you ever meet an Andrew you will find out real quick that they are insanely hyper and visit the hospital a lot. Be ready you will probably be in a waiting room fo' eva. If you ever date an Andrew he will act like he isn't a good boyfriend or isn't good at dating, but really he is amazing, and is as close as a guy can get to perfect..as well as an amazing kisser. And most importantly if you ever fall in love with an Andrew you will always remember the time you spent with him, because Andrews will leave a mark on your heart that will never go away. Never let an Andrew go. You are insanely lucky to meet an Andrew.

Ashley:
A bad ass chick. Shes quiet, keeps to herself but if you get the chance to be a part of her life. Don't blow it. She's kind, funny, pretty damn cute and a unique human being if there ever was one. She'll be a great friend and maybe more if your lucky. She may hate herself sometimes, (only to think shes the shit a few minutes later) but she will always try to be that fun, nice person, despite her kind of tough exterior. A complete dork and a true, genuine person, Ashley is the kind of women you want in your life.

Alyssa:
Alyssa is the most amazing girl you will ever meet. She’s the sweetest person you ever meet and will respect you the same way you respect her. Every time you look at her in the eyes you will get lost and it’s like looking in to space. She will always make you happy in every way and will always help you from having a bad day to a really great day. She will always be there for you no matter day and night, she will support you throughout everything and encourage you.

Ava:
Ava is the name of an Amazing girl. This name comes from the Latin origin , and is related to birds , as well as a relation with Eve. If you find a girl with the name Ava , she is probably the most amazing girl you will ever meet . She is perfect in every way , shape and form . Ava has beautiful hair .She has an amazing personality , nice , smart , funny and very athletic. She is also the most beautiful girl , or even sight your eyes will ever see . Ava looks down on herself thinking she is , ugly and stupid though she is none of the above . If you ever meet an Ava do anything possible to bring her in your arms . Never let her go , keep her warm at night , and treat her like what she is , the best girl in the world. Never let her go . I love Ava and hope one day I will be blessed enough to be with her.

Alexis:
Alexis is the most gorgeous girl but doesn't believe she is. She is insecure about her body, and worries about how people look at her. She is full of love but can't find the right guy. she is understanding, funny, and caring. She had been threw alot do she knows alot of good advice and on top of that she is usually right. She is kind but can easily be upset. She likes to feel important and be told she is beautiful when she thinks it's not true. She is great in bed once you get her there. She has a beautiful smile but hates it. She likes to party and have a good life. She can be shy but when she knows you she will love you and make you drool. An Alexis is a very good cuddle buddy. Once you have an Alexis never let her go because she may but come back.

Anthony:
Anthony is himself; at all times. He is unashamed of who he is. Even if others laugh at him.. he doesn't care. He is reserved and doesn't care to be emotionally expressive. He may seem like he doesn't care, but he does. He does not like deceitful people. He can do without. He is completely and sometimes brutally honest. Honestly is, however, the best policy.He is analytical and thinks carefully before he gives his opinion on a serious matter. He is loyal. He loves his family and his girl. Even though he could easily be a lady killer, only one lady holds his heart; his lady.He is extremely handsome and suave. The looks are RELENTLESS. He is mysterious and his personality is as equally attractive as his looks. Girls will throw themselves at him, or try to at least. But as previously stated, his is loyal and committed to his one and only.He enjoys the thrills of life. He loves motorcycles, dirt bikes, fast cars, etc. He loves to have fun and laugh. He also enjoys treating people and he does when he can afford to do so.Anthony is just a great person, point blank.... period. If he calls you friend, consider yourself lucky and honored.

Amber:
Amber is a very smart, curvy, beautiful woman. Whenever she walks into a room everyone notices her and stares. Amber doesn't normally think she is attractive, and is sometimes self concious. People either want to be her, or be friends with her. Every guy drools over her beauty.

Anna:
An angelic being. She is the most beautiful person inside and out. She's sweet towards her friends and will protect them with all of her being. She is easy to fall in love with, whether I mean platonically or romantically is well...both! She's one of, if not THE best friend you will ever meet in your life. She's the one who has won my heart and is the most lovely person you will EVER meet in your entire life!!

Adam:
Adam, someone who is amazing without knowing it, someone who is easy to love, someone who is truely caring. Adam is the type of person who is so forgiving and loving...Someone who is so trustworthy and reliable. You would be lucky to have him in your life, and if you ever lost him, it would break your heart. He is the best friend you could ever have and you can't help to be in love with him. He is one of the most handsome guys you will ever see in your life, no matter what he says. He is someone you can make such happy and amazing memories with, memories you will never forget. He is someone that can leave you speachless with his words.. He is someone you know you aren't good enough for, but you can't help but love him with all of your heart anyways. He has such a big heart..and great soul. He is the kind of person that deserves the best in his life, and deserves to be loved and cherished.

Aaron:
Also known as “Thundercock”.

Asshole:
A person who is intentionally cruel, obnoxious and heartless. Assholes are most often male. A female who follows these traits is referred to as a bitch. Assholes can take any form. Knowing this allows you to spot assholes at any time or place.Be warned that an asshole is not synonymous for douchebag. A genuine asshole is the lethal combination of intelligence and arrogance. Assholes will attempt to humiliate you, and unfortunately, they generally succeed due to their intelligence. Douchebags, on the other hand, consist of only arrogance. They only think they are smart. Douchebags do not know they are douchebags because of their extreme egotistic tendencies. However, the asshole will always know they are an asshole.Though the appearance of assholes does not follow a stereotype, behavior does. Assholes tend to:-ENJOY NOTHING MORE THAN BEING AN ASSHOLE.-Smirk. A lot.-Argue for the sake of arguing.-Laugh when they win an argument.-Never let you hear the end of the argument they won.-Participate in arguments they know they are not going to win.-Not stop arguing until you give up because there's no point in arguing anymore even though you know you won.-Associate your giving up with their victory.-Point out every flaw your argument has, regardless of the subject. All the asshole cares about is making people look stupid.-Physically push you around to get under your skin.-Ambiguously answer your questions.-Deny that they are assholes out loud.

Aidan:
Aidan is a very cute guy that loves to joke around but is serious in a relationship. He can tell you a million jokes but never truly explain how much he loves you. He has a hard time expressing himself to the one he loves but knows how to start a fire in your heart without truly trying. He can be awkward at times but really knows how to turn things around. He’s a great kisser and loves to cuddle though he doesn’t seem like he would like that type of stuff. He’s truly caring and loves dogs. If you ask for something he’s always going to get it for you no matter what the price is or how difficult it is to get it. He won’t send many pictures of himself because he doesn’t find himself attractive which can be annoying but, he’s a true gentleman if you really get to know him and knows how to charm his way into your heart. That’s what an Aidan is.

Atheist:
There are two in-use definitions of the word 'atheist': 1.) A person who lacks belief in a god or gods.  People who use this definition categorize atheists as either negative (or implicit or weak) atheists or positive (or explicit or strong) atheists.  Negative atheists, while they don't believe in a god, do not positively assert that no gods exist.  Positive atheists, however, do. 2.) A person who believes that no god or gods exist. Those who consider themselves atheists (who are usually positive atheists) tend to define 'atheist' using the former definition, and those who believe in a god or gods tend to define 'atheist' using the latter.  In both cases, this seems to be a demagogic practice intended to classify either as many or as few people as atheists as possible.  Negative atheists are usually referred to as agnostics. While neither definition of atheism entails any personality traits of atheists or of those who do believe in a god or gods (sometimes referred to as 'theists'), both atheists and theists tend to believe that certain traits apply to all atheists/theists.  Common myths about atheists include: all atheists are arrogant, immoral, rebellious, and/or intolerant; all atheists really believe in (the Christian) God and are simply in denial; all atheists are depressed and believe life is meaningless.  Common myths about theists include: all theists are naive and/or intolerant; all theists don't really believe in their god(s) and just pretend to because they're afraid that if people realised that no god exists, there will be complete chaos; all theists are weak and look to their god(s) for comfort.  It hardly needs to be said that while these myths apply to a select few individuals in each group, the claim that they apply to every atheist or every theist is false. Negative atheists justify their lack of belief in god(s) by pointing out that no evidence exists for the existence of god(s), and justify their lack of disbelief by pointing out that no evidence exists for the nonexistence thereof.  Positive atheists often assert that while no evidence for god(s) exists, it should be by default assumed that they do not, until evidence is found.  Some also try to use logic to prove that God does not exist, but this is often attached by theists and weak atheists as being mere wordplay.  Some theists and weak atheists also assert that logic is superficial and meaningless (which is an easily refutable claim), and that only one's inner feelings can lead them to truth.  Some positive atheists (and deists), however, are led to their stance through their feelings.  Some feel that because the world is filled with evil and malice, and all-loving, benevolent god cannot exist.  Those who are led to their stance through this feeling, however, cannot justify their disbelief in a malevolent god in the same way.  Some reject the idea of the Christian God because the Bible states that non-Christians are condemned to Hell, and reject the idea as being too disturbing.  While the same argument can also be made against the gods of various other religions, including Islam and Zoroastrianism, it cannot be made against every god (in Judaism, for example, Hell does not exist).

AOL:
The dial-up internet provider that NEVER lets you cancel your membership. Many people I know have tried to cancel their membership with no success.

Amelia:
Amelia is a smart, loving, caring girl. When you first meet her she seems very shy but as you get to know her she becomes loud and confident. She likes to keep her most valuable secrets to herself. If you have an Amelia in your life don't let her go. She has a lot of things going on at home but tries to hide it when she's out. She is a great advice giver but scared to ask for advice. She is loyal. If you get on her bad side you'll regret it.

Anime:
Japanese animation drawn in the same style as manga just animated. Often messed up by America.

Amanda:
Amanda- meaning worthy of love in latin. amazingly beautful, but she dosent know it. she has a wonderful personality but thinks differently. around friends she is vary outgoing. but in crouds and around people she dosent know she is vary shy. she is vary emotional. you will be lucky to have her as a friend for she is vary loyal and trustworthy. you are ether on her good side or on her bad side. there are few peolpe she dosent like. but she can make there lives hell if she wants to. she trys to help everybody, and will give you any advice she can if you need it. she will tell you things you need to hear, and it dosent matter if you wanna hear it or not. she has many admirers but dosent know it. if your lucky enugh to be with her, dont screw it up. the feeling she has for anybody will last no matter what. but theres no telling when they will fade. she loves with all her heart. dont loose her.

Austin:
A sweetheart of a guy who can light up anyone's day with his jokes. Austin may not be the most popular guy but is definitely the coolest. He's easy going, easy to talk to, funny, cute, incredibly fit, smart and wise beyond his years. He's a little shy but insanely outgoing around his friends. He can make anyone laugh, knows how to treat a girl right and is loves cuddling. He genuinely cares about everyone he loves and loves everyone. If you get to really know him you'll realize he's a deep, insecure and one of the most amazing friends you will ever make in your entire life. He'd make the most amazing boyfriend in the history of man-kind He's also incredibly brave and isn't afraid to fight for what he believes in or wants. If you ever have the privileged to have him in your life don't take it for granted and never let go of him as a friend or anything else. He knows what to say, when to say it, and how to say it. He's a good listener and gives the best advice. He never judges or makes you feel like you're nothing. He has the most beautiful blue eyes you've ever seen and is the easiest person to love ever. He's pretty much every girl's dream guy and more. Incredibly rare down to earth human being and is just plain awesome. Words can't describe this dude.

America:
America Is... (By Me)A country founded on pure principalsthat are not always truebut mostly areA country containing many differentbut alikeA country of greedand charityA country of technologyA country of toolsA country of foolsA country of millionswith debt in the billionsA BullyA FriendA country with a hand to LendAnd a country that needs to Mend A country that is broken?A country that needs to be woken?LovedHatedReveredDespisedHome of the BraveLand of the FreeAmerica is up to you,Not up to me;It all depends on what you see.

Aiden:
A fully sick lad that can quick scope and crossmap like a beast

Angel:
Angel; it makes total sense why she’s been given that name. because, she's Angelic. A one-of-a-kind type of girl. She’s very deep in her emotions but in a kind of beautiful way. She makes everything look so beautiful. Angel is truly gifted at writing, she can write about anything and make it sound amazing. Once you become close friends to her, you'll get to meet one of the best sides to her. Her wild side. She seems so innocent when you first meet, but she turns out to be one of the dirtiest people you know. She has emotional issues and sometimes even depression, but she’s ALWAYS nice. Angel’s one of the most beautiful girls you could ever come across. She is so quickly lovable, that you'll get mad at yourself for not becoming her friend. And just like a flower blooming, her cleverness overpowers everything else. not just school smart but just knowledge smart. She knows a lot of things other people wouldn't have a clue about. Although she feels these horrible feelings about herself, she isn’t attention seeking. Which makes her even more perfect. She is beauty inside and out. She’s very knowledgeable in everything. Art, music, English, writing, sport, makeup, making friends and just knowing what to say. She can make you feel everything at once. She has so much love to give out to the world, it's literally pouring out of her. Angel, if you are reading this YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL. I love you.

apple:
THE MOST BADASS FUCKING FRUIT ON THE FUCKING PLANET. SERIOUSLY, THIS MOTHERFUCKER KICKS THE SHIT OUT OF THE PUSSY ORANGE OR BANANA. THIS JUICY, RED MOTHERFUCKER IS THE BEST FUCKING THING THAT GOD HAS EVER CREATED. EAT AN A APPLE AND YOUR DICK WILL GROW 3 INCHES. FUCK.

Abby:
She is a very insecure girl. She doesn't know how amazing she is. She is very pretty. Dropdead gorgeous. She is super nice and everyone loves her. She is an angel. And she is ultra funny. She always tries to lighten up everyone's mood and she succeeds. She can make anything seem funny. She makes everyone around her happy. She carries a warm aura with her. Everyone wants to be her friend; all the girls want to be her and all the guys want her. But despite all the compliments she gets everyday, she is always secretly broken inside.

Allison:
A gorgeous girl who doesn't know how beautiful she is.She's shy, but once you get to know her, you'll be glad you did.Has her own style.Is just herself, and won't change anything about herself for anyone else.She is nearly impossible; she can’t ever make up her mind.All the boys that know her, fall for her.....hard.And when she falls, she falls hard, and has a tough time getting back up.Some one who cares about everyone else before herself, even though she's the one who needs the most help.Has been through a hell of a lot, but brushes herself off and puts on a smile every day:)Some one YOU should get to know

andrea:
Andrea can be shy and quiet but then she will make you laugh every single second she is very precious and is a very {beautiful} girl She’s the most {humble , loving and , caring person you can ever find you can do her wrong so many times and she will always be there for you helping you out giving you the best she can , even when she’s going through many things herself she will make you the {happiest} , she doesn’t know how beautiful she is , she has the most {gorgeous} {eyes}that you’ll just get lost in they will make you fall Inlove so easily , her smile is the prettiest that it’s so contagious that smile is surely unforgettable. she likes being away from any thing that does not include good and has the most amazing personality ever her soul and mind are just full of unsaid thoughts and emotions shes very trustworthy and loyal .she’s very {different} just unique from any other girl keep in mind she’s someone you won’t want to lose she’s just special . Andrea is a {independent} girl she can’t fall Inlove easily unless you’ve really got her heart but with or without you she will be {successful} in everything that she has {passion} for .she is a hard worker and can do it with or without anyone . She has an amazing body aswell she’s just {stunning} inside and out everything about her will make you go crazy. Her {imperfections} make her {perfect} . She’s a {little nerd} she has everything planned out before time , but sometimes she can’t choose she’s very {picky} at times.

Abercrombie and Fitch:
You're nothing if you're not Perfect...

ass:
An animal that hee-haws.

abercrombie:
The type of clothing worn by Aberzombies, a peculiar specimin which infest college campuses and upscale suburban high schools across the North American landmass.   Nominally a human being, the Aberzombie is easily identifiable by large advertisements worn on its chest and buttox.   It tends to come from wealthy stock, drives an SUV and mates exclusively with other Aberzombies.   The musical taste of the Aberzombie is limited to bands like Dave Matthews and O.A.R.  Its SUV is typically emblazoned with a sticker reading "DMB" so as to communicate its bland taste in music to potential mates.   The Aberzombie is not without its natural enemies, however.  Most prominent among them are independent thought and a sense of style.  The Aberzombie will go to great lengths not to face such horrific ideas, most often by associating only with fellow Aberzombies.  In the rare case that it is exposed to outside ideas/free thought, it will utilize its only defense mechanism: complaining that others are envious and simply cannot afford Abercrombie clothing.

Andre:
Andre is a handsome, loving, caring human being, very musically talented and amazing with technology, hot, got that man booty, very confident and outgoing

Ana:
Ana is a very caring friend. She is always there for you and you can trust her with your life. She is the most incredible person you'll ever meet ans she is also very funny. She has a childish style that will cheer you up whenever you feel bad. Ana is a sensitive and very beautiful girl. She is always full of joy and ready for a new day. She is just charming!!!!❤️❤️She is the most wonderful friend someone can dream of and she MUST know that she is very loved by her best friend.

Abigail:
She is the most wonderful girl you will ever meet. She thinks she is annoying but she isn't. She says sorry a lot but she never does anything wrong. She's loveable and charming. Truly one of a kind. Her beauty is incomparable to any one else in the world. Her beauty shines brighter than the sun itself. Her smile brightens anyone's day. She truly is perfect. Not just in beauty but personality as well. Her personality, kind, smart, talented, loyal, loving, caring. There is not a single kind word in the dictionary that doesn't describe her. She truly is amazing. If you find an Abigail keep her. She will be the best thing that ever happens to you. Trust me.

Angela:
A beautiful, strong capable woman. She is very smart and she has the most gorgeous, sparkling eyes. She is shy when you first meet her but once you take the time to get to know her she is quite fun to be around. She will never usually make the first move to talk to her crush as she is too shy but will start talking once her crush takes the time to talk to her. Angela is a girl who will stand up for what is right and won't let anyone get in her way. She also really loves sloths.

Adrian:
Such a wonderful person. Has such a caring heart. If you have him take care of him because you might lose him. He loves with all his heart. Doesn't see himself as he truly is. He is beautiful inside and out. In my opinion he needs to step back and see how amazing he actually is.

asshat:
One who has their head up their ass. Thus wearing their ass as a hat. Asshat

Australia:
The best country ever with the best people and, most of all, the best Cricket team. The best game comes from there (Aussie Rules) and nobody (other than the english cricketers that they always flog in the ashes) hates Australia

alicia:
You'd think you know her, but you actually don't. Her face is very misleading to her personality. She's very pretty, especially when she smiles. She's very good at sensing vibes and many would call her unique or weird. She likes art and hates mainstream. She is either really lazy or really motivated. She can be really spontaneous but she is very down to earth. You wouldn't want her on your bad side however. And if you're on her good side (which is easy to do), then luck you! She is a giver. She always has cold hands, but her touches are always warm. She believes in experience. She never ever judges but fears of being judged. She enjoys time of serenity as well as times when she can just go full out. She is constantly questioning decisons and is always searching for the real her. She has long hair, ususally dark or black, but with random browns in it. Her eyes are like dark chocolate, and they get very small when she laughs. She has a soothing, low voice. She lacks confidence. She's attracted to shy guys, but get along very very well with outgoing guys.

Avery:
An Avery is a person who is someone who can be defined by these words: gorgeous, outgoing, funny, awesome, crazy, dumb, the most amazing best friend someone can ever have. This person is usually sarcastic a alot, but that is what makes her funny and just makes her, her. She loves the colour purple and yoga pants. She does not think she is pretty but in reality she is the most attractive and beautiful thing to walk this earth. She is usually the prettiest and most popular one in the school, but fails to realize this. She has lots of friends, but makes sure that the ones most important in her life are valued most (her bestfriend and boyfriend). She is a flirter but is so faithful, and she also is a crazy partier and everyone loves her!

Alexandra:
Usually a girl's name. She's one of the strongest people you'll ever meet. She is the most patient and caring person you could ever meet. She deserves more than she has, so spoil her. She is the most beautiful person you'll ever meet. She is worth every second of your time, and you'll never regret staying up all night with her. She'll change your life, making it the best you could want it to be. She can make you smile just by smiling herself. You'll disagree at times, but you'll both apologize the next day. You could talk for days about how amazing she is. When you don't see them for a while you may go insane. Once you get to know her, you'll feel protective of her. She is not a snobby person, and never will be. She is nice to people who deserve it. She has random bi-polar moments that make her that much better. You could talk to her for hours about anything with her. One way or another, she finds a way to keep you out of trouble. She will always say something negative about her appearance even though she always looks beautiful. Always remind her she is beautiful. IN the worst of times she will be happy. She won't admit at first, but she is like every other person and has problems, and just needs someone to talk to. You just have to be there for her. You will never be able to describe her because there is so much to talk about. If you ever meet an Alex(andra), keep her close. She's is worth everything. You'll want to be with her forever.

American:
Technically, an American is someone from the Americas - i.e. North or South America. However, it is so commonly referring to people from the USA that we'll just ignore that point for now. An American is someone who lives in the USA. Not all americans are overweight, ignorant pricks with an addiction to burgers and flag waving. Some of them are actually friendly, intelligent people! Remember, kids: just because meet or hear one person from a certain place doesn't mean that everyone from there is like it. Oh, and did I mention that the actions of the US government don't ALWAYS speak unanimously for every last citizen of the USA? Just wanted to clear that up. They do think some wierd things, though.. They call football soccer, American football football, aluminium aloominum, jam jelly and so on. But belittling them for differences like that would be a bit petty of me, wouldn't it?

attention whore:
Label given to any person who craves attention to such an extent that they will do anything to receive it. The type of attention (negative or positive) does not matter.

AJ:
AJ is a nickname that Aarón Amilián goes by. The A stands for Aarón, and the J stands for January, which his birth month.

Alexa:
The most wonderful girl you can ever meet. She is caring, loving, smart and beautiful. She is the best friend a girl can have and the most amazing girlfriend a guy can have.The one that will be there for you all the time. The one who's laugh can make your day, the one who's smile just makes you a little happier. Her eyes are as beautiful as a the ocean. She is great at sports and will try her best to make you happy. Sometimes she may be a little tense and can be very intimidating, but it is only to the ones who don't treat her well. She is a spontaneous, awesome, if slightly moronic, person who is extremely hyper. Very lovable, you can't hate her. Deffinitely very random. Fun person to be around. She is someone you can hold tight and truly care for, because she makes you feel special, because she loves you. But treat her wrong and take advantage of her, and she will be gone.....

Arianna:
She is the girl of your dreams. She is very smart and an outgoing and adventurous person. If u have a chance to have a friend like her or anything else don’t lose them. She comes off very shy but, she will blow your mind away. She is one of the prettiest girls you’ll ever meet. She is funny,pretty,smart,cool,a goofball. She hates fake people and drama. She might not like the hottest guy or the popular guy but likes that one guy who is weird but cool.

Autumn:
Autumn is a very beautiful girl. She has a temper and will tell you what she thinks about you rather you want her to or not. She is always lost in her love life and never knows who to choose. She is very caring and can make you life. Autumn has a great style and knows how to make people happy. Her eyes are stunning.

Aaliyah:
Aaliyah is a beautiful woman, one that will make your head turn and have you staring at her for an eternity. A smart and wise girl as well, she can tell if you like her (and will finish your sentence when you proceed to tell her how you feel). Very funny and different from the rest, that's what makes her attractive, aside from her beauty. She might have a past or a history, that's what makes her who she is. She's the kind of girl you want to marry, and spend the rest of your life with, because the relationship you have with her is so great and amazing. A girl you can hold and kiss all day, you better keep her and prove your worth or else some other man will.

avril lavigne:
A singer that is so talented and clever, that she has the ability to rhyme "home" with "home."

Andy:
One who has a fiery temper and no tolerance for BSWho also keeps their emotions inside until needed then its a nuclear explosion.A good friend but will insult you if he feels like it.

assclown:
someone who doesnt know what the hell they are talking about,makes stupid BS comments, pisses people off, and has no idea that everyone thinks this about them.

Alice:
A caring, beautiful person who puts other people before herself. She can make you smile on the darkest of days, she gorgeous and anyone would be lucky to have her.

Ally:
Ally is a girl that is so incredible, a description can't be put into words. A person who is so completely selfless it's almost ridiculous. A person who is so beautiful both inside and out. A person with a heart bigger than Texas. A person who is so deep that she can make you contemplate your entire being with just one sentence. A person who has a certain enjoyment of donuts and Milkduds. A person who is extremely thoughtful and kind. A person so loyal and honest. A person you should make your girlfriend...in a hurry. Ally's are not basic at all and are one in a million kind of girls. Treat them right and don't take them for granted.

ACE:
someone who is really close to you.someone you can relate to.someone that you can easily talk to.someone who listens.someone who really care for you.someone who share the same interests.

AIDS:
A virus that was released to the public as means of population control; regardless of gender, ethnicity, sexual preference or lifestyle. Very clever indeed.

Alexander:
Usually a very very very goodlooking straight gentleman that has great taste in women. He has a crazy side to him but only shows it infront of true friends. Has great style, is hilarious, amazing, caring, sweet and will make you smile. You will always have a good time with an Alexander, so if you got a friend named Alexander count yourself one of the luckiest people in the world!

awesome:
Something Americans use to describe everything.

Angie:
Angies are rare . They are really funny and random and fun to be around. They love listening to music and blocking out the people they hate . Angies are quite if you dont know them but are very talkative once you get to know them . They will laugh and wont stop untill theres tears coming out of there eyes . They are really private and tend to keep most things to them selves they say they dont have any crushes but they secretly do . They know how to fight and i wouldnt mess with them when there mad . They love there family and friends and they are very protective . Angies tend to get Wrapped up in there thoughts but all in all they are really funny and random and loving .

Annie:
Annie is a shy but very sweet girl. She'll stick by your side no matter what and you can 100 percent trust her. She finds it hard to make friends at first but once she has them she'll start showing her funny and brave side. She hates posting selfies on instagram and snapchat prefering to post flash mirror selfies and pictures of her pets. From the outside she seems quite and timid but her friends on the inside knows she can be wild with hillarous jokes.

anti-vaxxer:
Someone who thinks searching Google and reading blogs provides a better education than years of medical school, studying for board exams, and medical practice.

A:
It's literally the letter A. Why did you look this up?

ATM:
ATM is an abbrieviation that has several common meanings:1: At The Moment: Used when refering to one's current temporal circumstances.2: Automated Teller Machine: A machine that dispenses physical currency and performs the role of a bank teller.3: Ass To Mouth: A sexual act commonly featured in hardcore pornography where a penis, sex toy or other implement is removed from a person's anus and re-inserted into their mouth. Not to be confused with anulingus.

Ali:
Ali is a strong masculine man, he is hot and will protect you at all times. He looks great at all times, in suits, in sweatpants, and in boxers. ;) He's the dominant man here who can get you crazy! But Ali also got a sweet side, a side that loves and cares. A side that bears with your mood swings and a man who'll turn your tears into uncontrollable laughs. He is a friend everyone wants and needs, he keeps secrets and gives a great positive vibe. If you got an Ali, hold onto him tight and love him a lotttttttt.

asian:
(Attempting to add a decent, more serious and accurate definition to the lot.) In the United States, the most common use of the word refers to people originating from East and Southeast Asia (China, Japan, South/North Korea, Vietnam, among others). Indians and Pakistanis might be referred to as South Asians, where as Filipinos and Samoans might be called Pacific Islanders. In England, "asian" most commonly refers to people of Indian or Pakistani descent, whereas "oriental" might refer to East and Southeast Asians (NOTE: "oriental" is certainly considered politically incorrect in the United States).

Angelina:
Angelinas are some of the most beautiful women you will ever meet. They are also incredible lovers, your the luckiest man on the planet if you score one of these girls because they are the whole package. Perfect body, beautiful face, sparkling eyes, cute smile, super sweet, super chill etc. Angelinas are super loyal to their friends and their partners they will always stick up for you when needed. Angelinas tend to be really creative and go into really creative fields such as acting, modeling, art etc.Personality traits > loyal, funny, sweet, chill, legendary, cute, perfect

Ani:
A hilarious person. Ani is the life of the party. Though a bit introverted, Ani is very popular. Ani can get along with almost anyone, making her desirable to be around. Ani is known to have a heart of gold and is kind, pretty and free-spirited. Ani is also known to be a creative and can typically do anything artistically the first time it is done.

AK-47:
The Avtomat Kalashnikova model of 1947 is a gas operated, selective fire assault rifle designed from 1945 to 1946 by Soviet tank commander Mikhail Kalashnikov to fill the need for a rifle-caliber automatic infantry weapon within the Soviet military, after experiences against the German StG-44 which deeply influenced Soviet doctrine in the post-war years. It has become the single most prolific weapon ever created, with models in use by military and police, or civilian consumers in nearly every country in the world. Chambered in the intermediate 7.62x39mm R.The AK-47 is best described as an amalgamation of several previous weapons designs. It has the Trigger, Double locking lugs, and unlocking raceway of the M1 Garand and M1 Carbine, the Safety mechanism of the John Browning designed Remington Model 8, and the layout and gas system of the StG-44.Versions of the AK-47 include the following:AK-47 Type 1/2(1948-1951) - Most rifles manufactured with a milled steel receiver.AK-47 Type 3(1952) - All rifles manufactured with a milled steel receiver.RPK - Handheld Automatic-Rifle variant with a longer barrel and a bipod.AKM - Modernized variant with various improvements over the AK-47.AK-74 series - Series of the AK-type rifle which replaced the AK-47 in 1978. Chambered in 5.45x39mmAK-101/AK-102/AK-103/AK-104 series - modernizations of the AK-74AK-107/AK-108 series - incorporates a balanced bolt group, reducing muzzle jump, vibrations, and felt recoil.

Antonio:
Antonio is a very trustworthy person, who sometimes likes to go by Tonio. He is usually from or Hispanic or West Indian Heritage and in lucky cases he is from both! He is handsome and charming, and when you get on his bad side your worst nightmare! When he loves, he usually loves way too hard. He puts all his trust in few people and relies on them too much. If you ever get an Antonio Keep him for life because you will only get one of him, he'll always have your back!

Ariel:
A beautiful young lady who is very caring and loving but hides her feelings , she's very smart and the room lights up everytime she walks in . She keep smiles on people face and is not that loud but when you tick her off she's more like a siren people love ariel's there beautiful , talented , and very smart .

Adorkable:
A person who has an intelligent, quirky and random personality and combines it with being adorable, cute or beautiful.Can apply to girls, guys or couples.

ariana:
the best person you'll ever meet a gorgeous human being well loved by many, fun, trustworthy, humorous, smart, honest, caring and killer looks she has everything to become anyone's best friend she will be the only one there for you when everyone has left you and she will be the one to wipe the tears off your face,now she will have beautiful hair, a hot body and a nice ass.

Anarchy:
"Anarchy" arises from ancient Greek "An," meaning without and "Archos" meaning leader.In modern political philosophy anarchy, or anarchism (the ideology which aims to create anarchy) is traced back, often, to Proudhon, and in particular his work "What is property?" - the origin of the still used anarchist slogan "Property is theft!"Contrary to belief that "anarchy" is synomous with "Disorder," anarchists generally advocate non-hierarchical, horizontal organization, typically through directly democratic structures. As such, there is a degree of common ground between anarchists and libertarian Marxists. Many anarchists are highly supportive of the practice of the Zapatistas in Chiapas.

Alec:
He is characterized by one of the most real people you will know. He may hide who he truly is at first, and may pass as an asshole or someone who will pass you over, or one may be scared to talk to him because he is weird, BUT if you take the time to understand, he is one of the sweetest people you know. He is the most caring and loves the people he cares about with all he has. He is understanding and when it comes to effort for someone he loves, he won't put a little effort, but all he has into making you happy. He may think he is a self-centered asshole, but even he doesn't know himself. He doesn't realize he is the best person anyone can be. Your life will immediately be better when he steps in it. He gives the warmest hugs and has the best smile that will warm your heart. He is fun to hang out with and will make you laugh at some dumb stuff he either does/says. He puts aside judgement and has no hatred for anyone unless they have done a great deed of wrong toward him. He is human and may have made some mistakes in the past, but he knows how a human should be treated. He has so much to offer. He is all around one of the best people you will know, and life itself would be dull without him.

Amazing:
Someone who is super cool and awesome and is fun to hang around and talk to like. hailey

Anal:
A beautiful word that can be described in various ways:Dick hole in the butt holeSausage in the bun Pee-pee in the poo-poo Charlie in the chocolate factory

Asswipe:
There is a common misconception that an asswipe can be equated to an asshole. This is quite untrue. An asswipe simply doesn't care. This is usually carried out to such an extreme extent that the apathy brings misfortune to those around the asswipe.The key distinction is intent. An asshole would stick his leg out to trip you, making you drop what you were carrying and bringing general harm upon you. An asswipe would never dream of tripping you, but if you did trip, he would simply watch as you struggled to collect the scattered papers you had dropped. He doesn't hurt you but would never think of lifting a finger to help. He also may laugh a little at the sight of you falling over.

American Football:
An excellent indie rock/emo band from the 1990s, fronted by Mike Kinsella (of Owen).

Allie:
Girl who are named Allie:- Sweet and Nice.- Amazing smile.- A is for awesome. L is for Loveable, L is for Lucky guy that gets her, I is for I wish i was her, E is for everyone loves her!!!!!- Usually skinny. Not fat.- Most Allie's are very gorgeous but dosen't know it.- Usually brunette sometimes blonde.- Are normally very very good at sports.- Have lots of friends.- Super cute.

ABC:
American Born Chinese

Audrey:
If you know a Audrey you are blessed. She will always care for you and never let you down. Audrey’s are popular, beautiful, kind, talented, creative, funny people. Audrey’s are extroverts and thrive when they are around other people. Audrey’s tend to put other people’s problems before hers. She cares a lot about her friends and would do anything for them. Audrey’s tend to listen to there heart in situations. Audrey’s are often caught daydreaming and spacing out. Audrey’s love to travel. There dream is to go travel the world. They also really enjoy nature especially star gazing and watching the sun rise and set. Audrey’s are very talented in the sports and music department. They love being active and playing on sports teams. Audrey’s love being creative by playing and making music. They also really enjoy music and a lot of the time use it to let out emotions. Speaking of emotions Audrey’s will be happy to talk about yours but don’t like to share hers. She is very mysterious In that way and it’s hard to get the truth about what she is feeling out. In a relationship Audrey is looking for someone who will make her laugh. Audrey’s often have a lot of people crushing on her. Over all Audrey’s are unique and special yet popular at the same time.

algebra:
also known as mindfuck

Adriana:
The most beautiful, pretteiest,cutest girl i have ever seen she is the most nucest person and wont let you down. She has the most prettiest brown hair and when i look into her eyes its a new world .

Atheism:
The lack of belief in a deity or deities. Just that. Nothing else.Atheism doesn't hold any answers to life's big questions. It won't tell you the meaning of life and it won't tell you how it all started. It's not a religion, not a philosophy, not a way of life. Atheism is quite simply *non-belief*.

asl:
Asl can mean one of three things in modern text talk.1. Age, Sex, Location2. As Life3. As Hell

and I oop:
I just hit my balls

anonymous:
Bunch of mc donalds employees who have seen v for vendetta one too many times. Some of them do it for the lulz which is acceptable, but some of them actually think they're some sort of revolutionary movement - lame. 

Ash:
the purest, sweetest, kindest human you'll ever meet. they're perfect in every single way, and absolutely stunningly beautiful. They can make your heart flutter in one giggle. Also, their hand fits perfectly in yours and thier lips against yours are meant to be.

Ashlyn:
Ashlyn is a very kind girl. But don't make her mad or you will regret it. Ashlyns hide there feelings in front of people and ah they don't care but they actually are in pain. Ashlyn is very beautiful but she doesn't think that. She is one of the most caring people you can find. Ashlyn cares to much about other people that she forgets about herself and gets hurt. But in the end she has a very kind heart, if you have an Ashlyn don't let her go.

Ashton:
A beautiful, hilarious person with a huge heart. Talented in everything he does. He's got the best smile around and can get any girl he wants in a matter of minutes. He's a good friend and a great person. He never ceases to give his all in everything he does.

abbie:
abbie is the best friend anyone could ask for, especially once you get to know her. She has such an amazing personality and all the boys are after her because she is outstandingly beautiful! Along with looking like a model, shes absolutely hilarious and very very lovable!! It is close to impossible that you will ever find someone as amazing as her

Ashanti:
Ashanti is the name for a beautiful girl. She sometimes has trust issues from the past mistakes. Ashanti is kind hearted and friendly and once you mean an Ashanti you never want to loose her! She's awesome. Although, she falls in love pretty quick but knows that she loves the person! She's usually from Africa or Jamaica. The personality of an Ashanti is unpredictable because she will love you as long as your nice to her... Ashanti is usually healthy and fit with lots of curves. She is usually rude and aggressive and if she doesn't like you, you'll know about it.She's an amazing friend and a loving partner and you never want to lose someone like Ashanti! She's one of the best people you'll ever meet.

Alan:
a dick, don't date him you'll regret it

Abbey:
Abbey: the girl that all girls strive to be. The girl that all guys strive to get. She's exquisitely beautiful. But she has a hard time making herself believe it sometimes. She's as humble a person as you'll ever meet. She's all you will ever need. Show her love and she will trust you. Show her respect and correct affection and she will love you. Once you have an abbey don't ever lose her. She's a dream girl. Where she smiles, there are no more troubles. Where she laughs, all worries disappear. Where she cries, is on your shoulder. And where she loves, nothing else is needed. So listen up punks. Treat this woman like she deserves. Never let a moment pass without making sure she knows you care. Take care of her. And she will take care of youshe needs you and you sure as hell need her.

A.R.M.Y:
A.R.M.Y is the fandom name for a popular south Korean idol group called BTS, (Bangtan Boys, Bangtan Sonyeondan or Beyond The Scene).A.R.M.Y (아미) stands for "Adorable Representative M.C for Youth." ARMY means "military" in English. The soldiers in the military always stick together, so it means that the fans (ARMYS) will always be with the Bangtan Boys.

Abi:
She can be funny, crazy, and weird. Although she can be slow at times, she is intelligent. Abi's the kind of person people fall in love with. She's also confident, loving, amazing, caring, and outstanding. As her friends sometimes say she's lazy, they aren't lying. As her sense of style is fabulous, it can be sometimes simple. Although she may have been through alot, you can never tell behind her beautiful smile.~ Don't you wish you had a Abi 💋💄💎👑✨🔥

Angelica:
Angelica is gorgeous, sweet, and very helpful. If you are having trouble with friends angelica is right there for you. She is well known for being loved by everyone, and treats friends with love and respect! She is caring and will never leave you. She would always tell you the truth, and she would do anything to protect her friends. Girls wanna be her, and guys wish they were with her. She is NOT a backstabber unless you do something extremely disastrous. She is so sweet and no one hates her cause they can't. Angelica is the best person on earth. She has soft smooth skin, and luscious long dark hair the color of the night.

Alana:
Alana is amazing. She’s hilarious and has awesome comebacks. You can talk to her for hours and never be bored. Alana is smart and could write you a thesis in five minutes. She’s also beautiful but doesn’t know it and has the confidence to not care what other people think of her. She’s caring and relatable. If you find someone like her, never let them go.

Agnostic:
A person who is sensible enough to admit that they have no fucking clue what is going on in the universe.Contrary to both a Theist (someone who sits in Church thinking they have shit figured out) and an Atheist (someone who sits at Starbucks thinking they have shit figured out).

Aurora:
Aurora is not a very common girl to find but if you find one, she's most commonly agreed by people as The most amazing girl you can have she could light up a guy's world like nobody else and will make them cry tears of joy. She's definitely the loving type and will accept all the love a guy isn't willing to put for her, she's definitely a tough cookie but also sweet, she's the smart type too and excels in a handful of activities and is know now to overwhelm others, she's commonly known as beautiful and gorgeous and may have some insecurities and tough barriers and may be argumentative but if a guy worthy enough can handle that and love her for who she is then they'd have the best relationship ever everyone needs an Aurora in their life it can definitely be a unique an amazing experience.

Addison:
Addison is a beautiful girl with a killer smile and can make anyone's day. She has your back even when you don't have hers. She has every guys eyes on her but wants none of their attention. She always stays loyal to her friends and will always stick up for her closest friends no matter what the situation is. She's beautiful inside and out even if she doesn't think so. When she likes a guy she can pretend to hate them all she wants and they would never find out. She's such an amazing girl and any guy that dates her is lucky, and if they think other wise then they aren't good enough for her. So yeah if you find a girl like Addison, keep her around because she's a real treasure!!

April:
April is a gorgeous female. She’s shy at first, but once you get to know her she’s the life of the party. She’s funny, smart, energetic, excitable. Probably the cutest girl you’ll ever meet. April is beautiful on the inside and outside. She always has love to give. She’s loves the finer things in life and will surround herself with beautiful things. Everybody deserves an April. She is a great friend or girlfriend. She has a close relationship with her family and friends. Overall, April is a good person with all of the amazing qualities you could think of. If you have an April, hold onto her.

Ali-A:
This man is the star of many twelve year olds wet dreams, and the king of clickbait, people who reject this definition are most likely his twelve year old fan boys

awkward:
When something weird or embarrassing happens, and there's that silence after it. No one really knows what to say, or choose not to say anything. Just back slowly away..

Ayden:
Ayden is the best you will ever meet. He will always have the best smile. He can always make you smile. He gives the best hugs. You will fall in love with him right away. He will care about you. He will be protective of you. He always be by your side.

American Eagle:
1. A bird 2. A clothing store found in most malls around the country

Ashlee Simpson:
From a recent interview in "Lucky" magazine: "I'm totally against it and offended by it," Simpson told Lucky magazine. "I'm going out to let my real talent show, not to just stand there and dance around. Personally, I'd never lip-synch. It's just not me." Can we quote you on that, Ashlee? What's next, an "accidentally leaked" Internet sex tape?

alcohol:
The cause of, and solution to all life's problems.

Ajit Pai:
The clogs that form in drains in college dorms from excessive shower masturbation by the residents.

ann coulter:
The person that Satan looks to for inspiration.

Alison:
Alison's are gods who don't realize how precious they are, and always underestimate themselves. They hide they're true beauty and talents for the one that they fall in love with, although shes always beautiful she tries to keep it to herself and reserve herself for the one. Shes had her trust broken before and won't bring her wonders out until she has full trust within you. Can be a real goddess in bed, (only to the people she feels that deserves to feel her magic). If you mess with her heart you will regret it forever. She has high standards and doesn't put up with fakes or lies, Alison sees right through them. She loves to have a good time. She treats everyones problems as if they were her own, if you come to her for advice shes tries everything she can to solve them. She loves to help everyone and cares for people even more than she cares for herself. She's a sweatheart who can be sensitive at times where she feels helpless. When Alison's at her best she is so incredibly fun and fearless. They're mysterious and have alot more on their minds than you think they do. She's the best friend you will ever have she puts everyone before herself and always understands everyones problems no matter how strange they can be. Take care of your Alison's because she a delicate flower full of undeniable beauty, love, care, passion and sympathy. Shes got your back even if it means making herself look like a fool she'll always be there for you.

African American:
A black person of african descent who is now an american native.

Adolf Hitler:
(from: The History of the Entire World, I guess By Bill Wurtz) the angry mustache model who hated the Jews for existing.

Aimée:
A beautiful, kind and funny girl. She will often not think she is beautiful but anyone who spends time with her will realise how beautiful she is. She has the best sense of humour in the world and will often do anything to make people laugh. She often has weird dreams. She is the human form of sunshine and the best thing you can ever have in your life. It’s impossible not to fall in love with her.

Alabama:
Where you marry and fuck your sister.

AC/DC:
A rock band from Australia. It has been disputed exactly what genre of rock music AC/DC is, but wheather they're Classic Rock, Heavy Metal, Punk Rock, or whatever, AC/DC is one of the greatest rock bands of all time. AC/DC has been considered one of the founders of heavy metal, along with bands like KISS and Led Zeppelin. In 1974, AC/DC recruited lead singer Bon Scott, and released a string of LP's. In 1975, they released their first studio album (originally released in Australia only), titled 'High Voltage', followed by 'T.N.T' shortly thereafter. In 1976, they started to gain a little bit of international success, because of the release of 'High Voltage' and 'Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheep' in Europe and the U.S (actually, the U.S didn't see 'Dirty Deeds' in stores until 1981, but whatever). Finally, in 1977, they released their first international album, 'Let There Be Rock'. AC/DC enjoyed radio airply, high album sales, and high grossing tours, for quite some time. Unfortunately, shortly after the release of their 4th international album 'Highway To Hell', singer Bon Scott was found dead in the back of a friends car. He aperantly died because of a combination of Hypothermia, and choking on his own vomit (a popular trend among rock stars). Scott's friend, Ozzy Osbourne, wrote the often misinterpreted song, 'Suicide Solution' about the late singer. Later that year, AC/DC recruited a new singer, the infamous Brian Johnson. They released 'Back In Black' in late 1980. It is now the 5th highest grossing album of all time-selling 21,000,000 copies in the US alone. This was because of the ever popular singles 'Back In Black' and 'You Shook Me All Night Long'. AC/DC continues to release popular albums today, and retains a vast fanbase, even through all of the changes the music industry has endured.

Alexia:
An intelligent and beautiful girl who feels insecure about what the world may think of her. She tries her hardest not to make mistakes and is a good, well- rounded person. Her grades are excellent and sometimes dedication to her studies makes her seem as less sociable and unusual even though she tries hard to make friends and have fun. She is curious and has a deep heart, and waits for the right guy to come around so that she could have a long lasting and real relationship with him. Although they may not seem like it at first, Alexia's are trustworthy, loyal, intellectual, and beautiful people that will amaze you once you get to know them more. You are lucky if you are close friends with an Alexia because they are people who you can turn to and laugh with whenever you need them and are very dedicated to anything they want to achieve.

Asian Parents:
(Usually, but not always) Strict, nosey, and controlling. They make you go to summer school if you get a B+ in an honors math class, even if you had the best grade out of all the Asians who took that class, and replace your grade all because 'if you get 4.0, you get sit on stage when graduate!'. To Asian parents, summer is not a 'break' as it is to other children in America, but 'a time to catch up'. Summer for Asian kids include SAT/ACT/PSAT prep (whether its doing books or taking classes), summer school, piles of math books, etc. while others are hanging out with friends and making s'mores. Asian Parents control their kids' lives because they want them to get into a good college, so that 1) They can brag to their asian friends about what college you go to <---MAIN REASON 2) You can be a doctor and make lots of money and 3) They can brag about how much money you make as a doctorAsian parents often put on a facade to others that they are nice, normal American parents. Then, when your friends leave (if they ever get the OK to come over), your parents start yelling at you, pressuring you to do math, and/or beating you for something you did that 'embarassed' them (i.e. having a messy room). They also severely disapprove of technology (computers, ipods, tvs). If you get an A- its CLEARLY your ipods fault, so its going to be taken away until you get above a 98. If you watch an hour of TV, they begin yelling at you to stop and give you a lecture about how TV is like crack.

Alina:
If you got yourself an Alina you are by far the luckiest guy in the world,she's radiant and you would do anything to see her smile.Alina's are highly gifted, spiritual, creative,talented and very beautiful creatures,she shines out life,light,joy,love and has everything to do with beauty radiating from the inside and out.She is the one to go to when comfort, advice is needed or a helping hand.Alina's love chocolate, originality, nature, stargazing and readingAlina cries only at night alone or to the one she wants to be at her weakest with,if you are very that person consider yourself lucky.Never lie to an Alina. You will deeply regret it.Once an Alina is hurt, she forgives but never forgets, the hostility will always be there unless you try really hard to show her that you want to be on her best side.Do not fight with an Alina,she can be a riot, is wise and has a way with words.Alina is an observer, so if you think you are observing her she is in fact observing you.Alina's have a hard time controlling their temper once you have stepped on their toes.their words are harsh and can make you or break you,which is her biggest flaw.Alina's intimate moments are extremely hot,wild and sexy,she bites and scratches at times.If you have an Alina show her off.treat her right and love her with everything you've got because i lost my Alina,the sunshine left my life.My life is dark now.<For short: Alina is a cousin of god, hold on to your Alina like sunlight>

AA:
The place to go if you have ever: pissed your pants; wrecked your car; been arested for multiple DUI's; passed out outdoors; urinated in an interior corner or plant; hid beer for "later"; drank alcohol you think is foul because there is nothing else; thought hair of the dog is a good idea; lost a weekend; called up your friends to piece together why you are home without your pants; missed Thanksgiving or Christmas dinner by accident; been fired 'cause you are too drunk/hungover to got to work; woke up wondering who is sleeping next to you; intend to drink a cocktail and ended up drunk, and; you sincerely cannot stop drinking but don't want to live a miserable life.

Arielle:
Okay..Sis is gorgeousBeauty runs in her familyShe is caring kind and she is a whole SNACCShe has a heart of gold, but get her on her bad side and it's a whole other story

ADHD:
A disorder related to hyperactivity and distraction.I have it, and I know I'm not an expert. I'm just saying, I speak from experience when I say it's freaking hard to get one thing done all at once. You usually get distracted by something else, and then eventually come back to that first task.This doesn't mean you can't get something done, it just means that work typically takes a lot longer because you're inclined to go look something up or do something RIGHT that second. Hell, I'm procrastinating right now making this definition when I'm supposed to be doing biology homework.I shouldn't even have to acknowledge these people, but to everyone who thinks that all people with ADHD are stupid are seriously wrong. Most people with ADHD are gifted.

Anastasia:
Perfect in every way possible, an Anastasia will always be there for you, she's caring, funny, considerate, and drop dead gorgeous. If you ever get the chance to date an Anastasia, don't ever let her go. Anastasias tend to get hurt but are very forgiving and understanding. Love them as much as possible

Axl Rose:
Victim of the one of the most gut-wrenchingly extreme cases of LSD (Lead Singer's Disease) in recorded history. Axl Rose was the lead singer of the hard rock group Guns N' Roses during the mid '80s and early '90s.  Following the release of GNRs debut album "Appetite for Destruction", the rapid increased in attention the band received caused a devastating expansion in Axl's ego that his tiny brain was unable to contain.  A massive, never ending stream of inane bullshit began to spew from Axl’s mouth as he tried to relieve the growing pressure.    Eventually all other members of GNR left the band as they were fired or (gladly) quit in order to escape from the Axl Rose fag show.  Axl then began a process of rapidly hiring and firing members of GNR as he desperately tried to maintain his delusion that GNR was still a legitimate band and that he was still in some way relevant.  The name of GNRs album “Use Your Illusion” is a subliminal reference to this effort. Technically, GNR never did disbanded and Axl has been working on the band's next album for the last 75 years or so.  No one cares.

AIM:
n. - An Internet text messaging program that exchanges communications between users in real time, and allows college students to leave nifty online "away" messages for their buddies all day. v. - to AIM someone is to send them a message using the AIM program. 

Anal Sex:
Bend over and I'll show you.

annoying:
Me, see example for reason.

Arthur:
Arthur is a perfect person.One you can truly see yourself being with for the rest of your life. He is the one you'd die for.Arthur is the name for a guy who will probably be the most amazing person you will ever meet in your life. He is intelligent, funny, sweet, caring, has beautiful eyes, dresses to kill, also his smile could make the strongest of hearts melt.His music taste is just incredible and he always knows how to lighten the mood.He is also known as The black panther .

Apple computer:
A type of computer that many troglodytes think is the best around

Ariana Grande:
an amazing actress on Victorious who should have the main role even though Victoria Justice is too a great actressshe plays Cat Valentine and is often heard saying "What's that supposed to mean?!" taking to offense the silliest thingsher character is very ditzy and blond acting although her hair is the same color as red-velvet cupcakes which are her favorite foodshe is the most freakin' adorable girl in the world and is known to cause hard-ons during the episode especially the one titled "Stuck in an RV"she also doesnt like using vulgarities which is seen in the episode "Tori the Zombie"

Avatar:
A long ass movie that was basically Pocahontas played by Halo characters.

Alaina:
Alaina is a beautiful and caring person. She will call and wake you up in the middle of the night to see if you were sleeping because she wants to talk, but it’s only because she loves you like crazy and just wants you to know that she does. After she gets over her nerves she’s the most fun date you’ll ever go on. Everyone loves her smile and her laugh. She always brings joy everywhere she goes, and she’ll always make you feel loved.

Aeropostales:
Noun.1. a group or "flock" of preps who share similar values and over pay for brightly coloured clothing bearing the "aeropostale" logo. they are occasionally seen wearing other brand names such as holister or abercrombie. aeropostales can usually be found around the volleyball court, flirting with teachers, listening to radio music or flinching at dirty jokes

Angelina Jolie:
Angelina Jolie is simply said, perfection. But there is nothing simple about this goddess that walks the earth. From her stunning lips to her amazing body, she represents perfection as a human being. She received international stardom for her roles in the Tomb Raider movies and rightly so. She has somewhat accelerated her movie career whilst caring for her adopted children and the child she has with Brad Pitt (luckiest man in the world).

Aubrey:
Aubrey is the sweetest girl you will ever meet. She is amazing and beautiful and everything you could ever want in a girl. Aubrey is 100% perfection. Once you have her you won’t want to leave her. she is sometimes way to hyper and crazy but it makes for a good time and things are never boring around her. Aubrey is so funny and chill. She is a bit boy crazy but guys love her. She is so athletic and her body is crazy amazing but she is way more beautiful on the inside and her personality is the greatest of anyone i’ve ever met. there is no one like aubrey.

Adult Swim:
Place were great cartoons like The Family Guy and Futurama and much anime hands out. Fun to watch, if you like cartoons but don't want lots of little kiddie crap on these days.

Abercrombie & Fitch:
A usually overpriced store with a huge lack in lighting, and should be sued for air pollution.

American Idiot:
(1) A 2004 Green Day album which serves as a rock opera that tells the story of a few average American youth living in a metropolis of rhetoric, lies, and censorship. The album tells the story, which takes place in the time span of about one year, through exploring the thoughts of each character as well as through dialog and interactions between the characters. While the plot is more of an abstract concept than it is a direct story, the message is fairly clear: the American youth remain unheard because of the "I don't care" attitude many of them carry, but because of the lack of actual dialogue, the root of this attitude is the fact that the American youth only know what they DON'T want, and have never been presented with a reasonable option that they COULD want. Of course the ending of the story is, unfortunately, also an all-too-common reality in our current world. The album/story also tells a typical teen-angst-style love story that applies a double meaning to the cover (which is a hand holding a heart-shaped grenade). The album is expected to receive negative criticism (especially by those who don't take the time to truly understand the story or are too quick to judge and disregard it as "left-wing propaganda"), since it was considered a highly experimental concept from the very beginning. Others simply don't like it because of its difference from the typical Green Day style, but many see this as a refreshing and much-needed break. Love it or hate it, "American Idiot" is Green Day's first new release full-length album since 2002. (2) The title track from the above-mentioned CD.

Amélie:
Amélie is the bestest friend you could ever imagine. She is always smiling and happy but sometimes she gives away all her happy she hasn't got any for herself. She always has the most ideas which are crazy but amazing at the same time. Everyone should appreciate her as she is bc she is beautiful.

arse:
The word for a persons rear end spoken by people who use correct english

AFI:
1) A rock band that originally formed in 1991, has become more well known after releasing their "Sing The Sorrow" CD. Much of their music is calming, and deeply poetic. The other half sounds more punk.  Because of this many people see them as an emo band, now based on a couple songs that they heard on the radio. AFI isn't exactly punk, and it isn't emo. It's just... AFI. Who cares what scene they belong to? They have a unique touch and if you're into stuff with meaning than it'd be worth your time to try AFI.  AFI stands for "A Fire Inside."  2) People hate AFI and sometimes refer to it as "emo," it attempts to look hardcore and cool. 

Alejandro:
A person who is perceived to be stubborn or cocky. You will at first resent him , and believe he is an incubus. When you truly get to know him , you'll find out he's the most amazing , sweetest loving person you'll ever know. You'll fall in love with his smile and adorable laugh. Your heart will soon belong to Alejandro.

bitch:
one of the most versatile words in the english language; it is used to express a multitude of emotions; anger, anticipation, despair, endearment, envy, excitement, fear, horror, joy, shock, surprise, warning; all achieved by one's enunciation and intonation.

Brandon:
Brandon is one of the most amazing guys you will ever meet. He is extremly caring and sweet as well as funny, and intelligent. Winning an arguement with a Brandon is quite a feat. Hard on himself and his looks, but very cocky about his intelligence. Girls always flock to Brandon's because his humor is very attractive to the people around him. On the outside Brandon's appear like assholes and meanies, but the people closest to him know deep down hes a sweetheart. Brandon will do anything for the person they love. He will love you forever, as long as you do the same. Can't be with anyone, needs the true love of one to make him happy. Extremely loyal and protective. Able to make you feel super special, like your the only girl in the world, because to him you are. Brandon's love doing unexpected romantic things for the person they love. Hates being left out of conversations and gatherings. Timid at first but when warmed up to isnt afraid to show passion and emotion. Someone who you can talk to and will truly listen. Not the best at making conversation but will always try his best. Amazing friend and boyfriend. Love him with everything you have and he will make you his entire world.

Ben:
Ben is an amazing guy, one of the sweetest you'll ever meet. He is quiet though, until u get him alone and he becomes the funniest and cutest guy ever. He gives the BEST hugs!! If you hug him you may instantly fall in love with him! He loves music and will try to make that one girl happy, but no matter what he does he seems hopeless. He is also very shy and even a little insecure at times, but if you meet him you will be one of the luckiest people on earth.

Bella:
Bella is a very shy girl that has a lot to live for but never wants to be the center of attention. She finds herself very ugly but knows deep down that she's pretty. Her friends call her beautiful, though she refuses to believe them. Bella is very smart and doesn't worry about her future. When she gets the chance, she'll express herself to anyone she trusts. Bella doesn't trust a lot of people, so you're lucky if you gain her trust. She devotes her heart and soul to whatever she is a part of. She works to be the best she can and she never gives up on the things she does. She never gives up on people but once she gets an influence of what type of person someone is, she'll find a part of her to either dislike them, or try to be friends with them. She always tries to get along with people at the beginning. Bella can walk into a room and automatically know the populars from the not so popular. Bella is the type of girl that gets hurt easily, whether its love, or friendship. But she always finds away to get back up again, and make herself stronger.But without the shyness and hiding in a corner part of her, Bella is the type of person ready to stand up to anyone who is rude to her friends. She will stand up to snotty populars, or the rude jocks. She's ready to have fun and party.In all, Bella is fun, loving, and shy person, that you would be lucky to know and lucky to have her by your side.

bbc:
Called Belgrade Broadcastion Corporation due to impartial coverage of NATO offensive in ex-Yugoslavia. They're really, REALLY serious about the 'impartial' part.

Bush:
Male and/or female pubic genital hair

BMW:
"Bavarian Motor Works" or  "Bayerische Motoren Werke"

Best Friend:
A best friend is someone who is there for you through thick and thin. It's someone who listens and understands you. Someone you can call anytime about anything you feel you need to 'tell' or 'vent'. It's someone who will stand up for you in the times when you need it most, keep your secrets close, and someone you can trust with your life. They will support you in any decision you make even if it's hard for them. It's someone who is there for you as much as they can be and does and says whatever they can to up your mood in down times. You can be your COMPLETE and total self around this person without feeling uncomfortable. You can say or do anything, and your relationship never changes. Someone who literally feels sent from heaven to make your life that much easier. Someone who will do almost anything for you as you would do for them, and someone who loves you no matter what kind of stupid things you do. This person will always want the best for you, as you will always want for them. And as much as people change- Your love with a REAL best friend will never fade through all the phases of life and problems that come a long with it.

bisexual:
Someone who loves guys and girls. Not a confused hetrosexual and not a confused homosexual. Not sex hungry.Have to prove they aren't more likely to cheat on their partner with someone else just because they are attracted to the same sex.

Beautiful:
YOU.

Banana:
It's a God damn fruit u dumb motherfucker

britney spears:
a badass bitch who needs to be free!! #freebritney btwshe’s worked so hard for what she has to only get it taken away from her by her “team” and her dumbass father jamie spears. she loves her children, she loves her friends and family (mostly), and she LOVES her fans!! she is a woman who absolutely needs her life back and we’ll (the b army) keep fighting for it!! this shouldn’t be a debate, it’s a life we’re talking about and it’s the legendary ms britney spears for god damn sake! let our queen b go and let her live!!#FREEBRITNEYJEANSPEARSNOW !!!!we love you and are fighting for you brit <3

Boobs:
Boobs are a woman's breasts.They secrete milk after pregnancy, and tend to be very sexually attractive to men. Men find women's boobs attractive for biological and evolutionary reasons, they signal to men that the woman attached to them is nutritionally healthy, youthful, and able to have a baby. So, boobs may be one of the main factors of sexual attraction between men and women that leads to reproduction and the continued survival of humans.Playing with their boobs during sex can be arousing for women.Because of their attractiveness, boobs are often times used by women to get men's attention, or to get them to do something. Men have been known to go to extreme lengths just for a woman's boobs.

Brooke:
Brooke is a smart girl. She always speaks her mind but is very shy. If you find a Brooke in your life, never let her go because she will always have your back as long as you have hers. She is kind of a nerd and kind of a dork but you gotta love her. Brooke's see themselves as ugly, so tell her over and over again that she is beautiful. Just don't cross her or you'll be sorry. Brooke's are very tough.

BTS:
A group of seven le-jin-dary memes

B.O.B.:
Box Office BombAny movie that fails financially, big time, in box office receipts.Investor's nightmare.Loss of millions of dollars on appallingly acted or scripted movies.Any thing with Pauly Shore in it. LOL

Brian:
One of the best guys you'll ever meet. He's the biggest dork with the biggest heart, and no matter what kind of mood or funk you're in the always manages to lift you out of it just with his presence. Brian is easily the type of guy that you could see yourself spending the rest of your life with, he's loyal, sweet, hardworking, and kind beyond all measures. Brian is an irreplaceable individual who makes more of an impact on people's lives than he knows of. If you have a Brian in your life, give him the absolute world because he deserves that and more.

Bae:
AAVE (African-American Vernacular English) pronunciation of "babe," used as a term of endearment toward loved ones. "Bae" can be a pronoun or an adjective. The term caught fire to mainstream colloquial Standard American English jargon and, due to unfamiliarity with its origins, developed multiple definitions. Trolls and people who dislike its use will often incorrectly juxtapose "bae" with Danish "bæ" which means "poop" (often to shut people up). Others will treat it as an acronym such as "before anyone else." The term is frowned upon by many, as it is seen as ghetto and uncouth, although its origins are simply dialectal.

Brianna:
The best girl in the world. Being the best friend you could ever have, and a hopeless romantic, she is the most amazing person to have in your life. If you are sad, or have a problem, she will give you the best advice on how she would solve, or fix, said problem. Very honest and straight forward, but she is the best person to ask for an opinion. Usually loves her boyfriend, friends and family. She usually dates guys named Chris, Zack or John. When she is with a guy she is loyal, and does not cheat, she loves them with her heart. Brianna's usually tend to have red or dark brown hair and brown eyes! Once you get to know Brianna she really knows how to make awkward silences go away and be the loudest in the room, but also has a nice soft side. She is an amazing, loyal, outgoing, GORGEOUS, different, and the list goes on and on about how wonderul and great she is. She isn't fake. If she doesn't like you, she doesn't like you and she won't be fake to you or talk about you, unless you have something to say. But when she likes you, she loves and gives all of the respect you deserve. She is really fun to be with. She is sooo funny, aswell! :PP I lovee this girl, Brianna, and if you don't know a Brianna, meet one! You are missing out on a great and wonderful and BEAUTIFUL girl.(:

Bruh:
The best answer to literally anything

Bro:
The teller of cool stories; the coolest storyteller.

butter face:
n. A girl who is hot, except for her (but her, butter) face.

Blake:
Originated from Old English, he is a virile alpha type with dark or light complexion. Strategic and visionary in his thoughts, his mind is always working to improve systems or himself. He is professional and focused with his work, and balances stressors with hobbies or through sexy time with his better half. He values intelligence and efficiency, seeks knowledge, and appreciates logic, thinks outside the box, and enjoys mental stimulation, wordplay, patterns with numbers, and problem solving. He typically works under the radar in stealth mode, quiet and focused. Like an iceberg, what you see is only a fraction of what is actually there. Results of his efforts surface with great magnitude, surprises those who underestimate his power and influence. Blake is wholehearted with his passions and the people he loves. He is well respected for his intelligence by all and loved by those who have the privilege to know him.

Brooklyn:
One of the most amazing girls you will ever meet in your life time. She is super sweet and caring and will do anything for the people she cares about. Boys cant help but to fall in love with her sense of humor and her drop dead looks. Brooklyns are also talented and smart and good at all the things they do.

Boyfriend:
A boy who makes you feel like he can give you the stars. A boy you believe only sees you.A boy who gives you that "I have to pee" feeling even though that isn't true at all. Someone you would do anything for, someone you believe would do anything for you and would never hurt you. the one person who can make you feel beautiful. a person who can also make you feel insecure. Someone who makes you feel a serge of electricity every time you touch.

Baby:
1. The most beautiful gift anyone can ever have. A result of love, and giving love to one another.2. An accident

Bailey:
Bailey is the name of a strong, independent, and beautiful. She so down to earth and has a heart of gold. Bailey is the kind of girl everyone wants to be around and she's just amazing. Her smile and overall presence brightens up a room and she has such an amazing laugh and smile, even if she doesn't think so. She is the sweetest girl anyone will ever meet. Anybody would be lucky to have Bailey in their life.

Boner:
when a guy sees something he finds sexually stimulating and makes his penis become hard and he wants to fuck whatever it is

BAMF:
Bad ass mother fucker

Boo:
Someone you love. Someone you care about. Someone who is a life time best friend.Someone who is always there for you. Someone who is extremely pretty. Someone who is very important in your life. Someone who can make you laugh. Someone who you can never replace.

Boof:
Honestly, I don't know what it means but some kid in my Italian class keeps on threatening to do it to the teacher

blowjob:
the act of sucking and using your tongue to pleasure a guy's dick.proper blowjob etiquette/procedure:1.) start out with a little teasing, by stroking him off a few times, but then, unbutton his pants with your teeth. this'll make you seem like an animal, and that's exactly what you want him to think.2.) start out by swirling your tongue around the head of his dick for 10-15 seconds, alternating between up-and-down and all around. this also gets your saliva going, because yanno, who wants a dry beejay?3.) work your way deeper and deeper while stroking him off with one or both hands, and move your head up and down.4.) massage his balls with your free hand.5.) make sure to hit the area right under the head. (pleasure nerves, people.)6.) glide your teeth lightly up and down his shaft once or twice, just to give him a tingly feeling.7.) make eye contact, but make it devilish eye contact. don't look up at him like a dying puppy.8.) if he says he's about to cum, speed your pace up a little bit and go as deep as you can without puking, and when he cums, slowly inch your mouth back up and swallow. lick off any excess.9.) spitters are quitters. come on, girls. it's just salty.and THAT, my friends, is a blowjob.

bored:
What you probably are if you're looking this up.

Bomb:
Something you never say on air airplane.

Bryan:
Bryan's will captivate you. They are known to be intellectual and breathtakingly handsome although shy at a first encounter. Most Bryan's enjoy technology, gaming and are DJ's on the side. They usually have bodyboarded in the past and are always thinking about growing their hair long. Bryans may sometimes have a secrets. Including one or both of these 2 things. #1: engaging in a sweet hot online affair with a women he has never met. or #2 Watching the lil mermaid.But dont worry! They will always put you first and give their everything in a relationship. They have been hurt.. but because of their rock solid integrity they dont allow it to happen again. Due to their incredible sweetness and love for others you may have the thoughts to take advantage of them. Dont do it. He will be with you in the night, make you laugh, and dance with you till you forget your name. He might not be a morning person and smoke too much but he will put a smile on your face that lasts forever.So don't fuck with a Bryan, ever, and make sure you don't misspell this work of arts name wrong, like Brian. That would be hazardous to your health.

BLINK 182:
A pop punk band formed in 1992 by guitarist Tom Delonge and bassist Mark Hoppus. First drummer was Scott Raynor. Formally known as Blink, they had to change their name to avoid a lawsuit from an Irish band with the same name. Later on in 1997, Scott decided to leave the band to pursue his education, so new drummer Travis Barker joined. Since then, they have come out with 6 LPs. In 2005, the band took a break to spend more time with their families.

Beer:
The reason I get up in the morning and the reason I pass out at night.

Booty:
(noun) 1. the collective total amount of tangible plunder that is a direct result of some type of successful job, scam or caper that is traditionally divided between the people who were in on the job itself. 2. A desirable ass commands attention, generally it is found throughout the warnings

billie joe armstrong:
guitarist/ singer for the band green day (and you cant disagree with that because its true)

bacon:
n. Delicious strips of juicy, pork heaven. Served often at breakfast with eggs, but perfectly good served alone and at any time of day.

Brick:
There are a number of different meanings for the word brick so don’t just dump it there’s some good stuff here:1 Very cold. Usually only used to describe the temperature of a place, e.g. the weather or indoors in a particular location.2 An unintelligent person. Derived from "thick as a brick."3 A basketball shot in which the ball bounces off the backboard and/or hits the rim, but does not go though the net.4 A large quantity of drugs packaged in a brick shape, especially cocaine.5 An external power transformer that provides power from a wall socket to a laptop, wireless router, projector, etc6 A piece of electronic equipment that has been rendered inoperable. This usually happens when trying to update the firmware or BIOS of the device, when "jail-breaking", installing new mobile phone ROMs, etc.7 A large mobile phone.8 British slang for a reliable person.9 To bail, ditch, let down, not show up or do something as promised/agreed to.10 To hit something or someone with bricks.11 To avoid doing something because of fear, derives from shitting bricks.

Brett:
A person who is fierce , brave, strong loving , kind , nice , and amazing, he protects the people he cares about and he doesn’t give up, he is a protector and a warrior in the light as well as he helps others. He is a leader and loyal.

bing:
the best search engine to find google.

Beyoncé:
A singer that everyone has heard of

Balls:
A redneck measurement of power. The equation is (Bhp + ft-lbs torque)/22.8.

Birds:
Birds are a myth made by the government to spy on us with drones

Brayden:
Brayden is the name of a quiet boy, but has a huge heart and laughs a ton! Brayden is athletic, but a huge gamer and will do whatever it takes to win his match. He’s humorous, trustworthy, reliable and always there for you! He’d make the perfect best friend and the perfect partner! He has his ups and downs, but won’t let his attitude get in anyone’s way.

Beans:
beans

Brady:
Brady is that boy who you didn't notice at first, but now he has your full attention. He's smart, funny, caring and one of the cutest boys you've ever seen. When he looks at you, you completely melt. He has the biggest brown eyes and the most innocent, caring look. He's one of those boys that's cute but doesn't know it, which makes him even cuter. Brady makes it so easy for you to fall for him, and the more you talk, the harder you fall. He's captain of the soccer team and can kick ass if he wants to. He's trustworthy and you can tell him anything and everything. He has an amazing sense of humor and can always make you smile, even when your in the bluest of moods. If you know a Brady keep him in your heart forever.

Bootybrows:
The creases between a woman's booty and her legs. On an extremely sexy woman bootybrows become fleek bootybrows.P.S. Onision is a cuck.

Brendon Urie:
The only man on earth who can make thousands of people say "WHORE" in perfect synchronization.

batman:
Bruce Wayne.

Boomer:
Grumpy old people.Born from 1946-1964.

Boys:
When the boys gonna makes you dress like a tomboy

butters:
A sweet little boy from South Park. Hes so stupid and cute and dont ya just wanna hug him?

bang:
1) To have sex with someone.2) A loud noise.Do not get the two confused.

Bullshit:
1.A term that is used to described lies or untrue stuff.2. A term used to describe stupid things people do.

Bet:
In response to a statement.Slang for Fa sho, which is slang for For sure; which means Sure or Okay.(Derived slang from the 1980's.)

Bloods:
The Bloods are a street gang founded in Los Angeles, California. The gang is widely known for its rivalry with the Crips. They are identified by the red worn by their members and by particular gang symbols, including distinctive hand signs. The Bloods are made up of various sub-groups known as "sets" between which significant differences exist such as colors, clothing, and operations, and political ideas which may be in open conflict with each other. Since their creation, the Blood gangs have branched out throughout the United States. Bloods have been documented in the US military, found in both US and overseas bases. The Bloods gang was formed initially to compete against the influence of the Crips in Los Angeles.

Billy:
A wise, yet rather young, playful soul. A thinker, a bit of a philosopher, a lover, and quite a debater. Billys take a strange, yet strong interest in whats going on in society at a young age. They possess a beautiful compassion for most anything or anyone that they feel could use any potential help. They believe strongly in revolutionizing and creating a better tomorrow. They love with a love like no other and are often romantics. While Billys do have the intentions of doing well in life themselves, they can seem unmotivated due to intense procrastinating. All Billys enjoy being a part of any debate, but most specialize in a couple of different subjects and enjoy sharing their knowledge in those. Billys are fun loving and wonderful people to be in the presence of, most are known to be loyal, intelligent, and charismatic. Although there are differences depending on the Billy's zodiac signs, all Billys can be incredibly moody, but it is tolerable because Billys are very hard not to love. Some Billys can be the exact opposite of all of these characteristics, if that's the case, that sucks for you. If you are to lucky enough to meet a Billy that fits these characteristics, then back the hell up because he belongs Molly<3.

Baseball:
Baseball is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of nine players each who take turns batting and fielding. Baseball is considered to be an american invention but historical records suggest that games involving bats, balls, bases, and running around bases have been played in england (rounders) and also in asia, (cricket). Often considered a "cerebral" sport, those with short-attention spans do not appreciate the beauty of the game. Lacrosse enthusiasts are the biggest haters of baseball and it is because they are often failed baseball players.

Benjamin:
The absolute cornerstone upon which chivalry stands, Benjamin is a kindhearted, loving, and intrepid soul. Though strong, intelligent, and wise, Benjamin sometimes harbors secrets deep within, only to be entrusted by a small number of his closest companions. He can tend to be quiet and reserved in most situations; however, Benjamin's true colors are revealed when he feels comfortable around and pleased with his company. He easily captivates every girl that befriends him; only one has ever truly captured Benjamin's heart. A stunning smile and a shining soul, Benjamin is the ideal icon of a true gentleman in today's society.

bastard:
1. A child whose parents ain't married 2. A way to insult someone without swearing

beast:
a person that is extremely talented at whatever they do and always display great determination, dedication, and resilience to always win or want to win.

Blue:
The person who who left you broken.

Brittany:
Best girl in the world! She's selfish for one person and she hates people who touch him/her. She can be an angel or the devil. Overall the bestest girlfriend ever. She cares for you, she loves you, she can be popular. You would be blessed to have her as your friend. She's the most beautiful girl you would ever meet. This is Brittany.

Badonkadonk:
Black woman's ass

Big Chungus:
Big Chungus is the greatest game know to man currently it is only available on ps4, dispite the fact I am loyal to Xbox I couldn’t help but buy a ps4 for it I have found a review from a Redditor (u/HereToStealYourMeme) that I think captures the greatness of this game I sadly can’t put the whole review here but if you search him up you should read the reviewsResponse to review: I agree to evrything except the rating Big Chungus is so great it can’t just be called a 10/10 there’s no number big enough to represent Big Chungus not even infinity.

blue balls:
When the testicles turn blue from not ejaculating when you should.When I was 14, I was hanging out in my bedroom. I wanted to jerk off so I searched up some porn and started wanking. But then my mom walked in and I was about to cum. I told her that my brother wanted to say something to her (distraction method) and she left. I checked and I had gotten the Blue Screen of Death. I tried restarting the laptop but it didn’t turn on. Then I got the worst case of blue balls ever.It felt so brutal. I held my balls in pain but it was like they were replaced by sad blue bags of disappointment. It felt like someone cut my dick with a razor blade. I tried wanking again but it was too flaccid, and I was out of lube anyway. I tried to stand up but it hurt to. I shuffled my way to my friend’s house to wank off at since they also had a computer.

Bully:
A mean person who hurts you in anyway frequently. Where I come from, I was bullied until I got to be in 6th grade. Just typing this up is bringing back terrible memories. There was one time where the group of bullies caught me and one of them kicked me in the shin. A bully might also chase you and cause you to lose 10-20 pounds in one school year. . In high school, I've never been bullied so far since I just started. There's this one guy who teases me a little, but he's cool. In some high schools, bullying gets so bad that teens take their own lives. It's gotten to be so bad that everyday that parents have to bury their beloved sons and daughters unexpectedly. If you say something or do something to hurt someone's feelings, you're a bully. If you victim takes his or her life, you're not just a bully, you're a murderer. Now that you've read this, I hope you change and say sorry to someone you've hurt, because that person's life could be hanging by a thread. There may not be any physical scars, but there's scars that are in the mind that'll never disappear. Please be nice to everybody, even if you don't like them, because you might just save a life. Teen suicide rates are at an all time high, but I want them to be at an all time low. If you're a victim of bullying, say something, because bullying is a crime, and you're the victim. If it doesn't stop, tell the police. If somebody physically hits you, you kick their ass.

Bianca:
A beautiful, smart, and intelligent girl. One who is wise. A girl who is not afraid of what the future holds for her. Doesn't care what people think or say about her. She won't stop until she accomplishes what her goal is. She if a fighter with an attitude so you better not mess with her. She can beat you up with her pinky. She presents her self well and looks out for her friends and family.

Brad:
A self-centered douche.

Bill Clinton:
To get a blowjob while at work.

barney:
A man in a purple dinosaur suit who hangs out behind a little kid's school.  Always talks with the kids and sings songs with them--as long as the teachers aren't around.  Magically dissapears and turns into a small, doll version of himself whenever an adult--especially a policeman--approaches him.  Probably was horny as kid, and god knows what he does to those poor children when his/her friends aren't around.

bop:
used to reference a good song; to say that a song is really good

buff:
A person that has big/huge muscles and good looks

bogan:
A fascinating beast. The majority of the species are hideously repugnant and unintelligent, and yet they manage to breed in ever-increasing numbers and populate an area known as the outer west. It is quite common to find five or six offspring in each family group, often with a different father for each new baby. Their habitat consists of a weatherboard or brick-veneer dwelling and is characterised by an early-model Holden or Ford in the driveway surrounded by a group of males discussing why the carby is stuffed and the results of last night's footy (a primitive gladiator-like spectator sport enjoyed by most bogans).The female of the species, while smaller in stature, is far more loud and aggressive than the male. While the males tend to be very friendly and congregate with other males, the females spend most of their time in supermarkets and shopping malls, using a shrill high-pitched call to discipline their children and contact other females. Males and females rarely interact socially except during breeding season, which is otherwise known as Friday night. During this time, females are allowed to enter the male-dominated area known as "the pub" and display their impressive coloured plumage to a prospective mate.Herein lies an intersting phenomenon. Males will often fight over a particularly attractive female and she will mate with only one male, while some less attractive females have been known to have several partners simultaneously. Ahhhh. The wonders of nature.

Beef:
to have a grudge or start one with another person.

Bethany:
Bethany is beautiful inside and out. She has been through some trauma, but she has become ten times stronger because of it. She still has insecurities due to her past, but she tries to overcome them. She is friendly, honest, intelligent, and slow to truly trust someone. She may seem naive, but if you try to take advantage of her, you will find that it isn't as easy as it seems. She has great friends around her that will protect her.

Bbw:
THICC bitches or plus size women

Bradley:
A pretty down to earth and cool guy. He always has a deep voice and is very supportive. He puts up with more crap than he should, but it's because he has a big heart. He is very intelligent, and always seems to come up with solutions to most problems. He is a hard worker and a great provider. He is very dependable and you can always count on him. If you meet a Bradley, feel free to talk to him. If you're a lovely woman with a lovely attitude and personality, feel free to date/marry him. He never cheats, is very loyal, and deserves the best in life. He is like a light skin Idris Elba, but with a deeper voice, a prettier face, and a lighter complexion. If you see a Bradley, show him some love, and he will return it tenfold. If you treat him right, he will always be there for you to love and support you. If you treat him wrong, he will leave.

Bromance:
Bromance is the combination of two words, "brother" and "romance". It describes the unique male bonding found between "brothers from another mother". This is between heterosexual males and no matter what is never seen as a gay relationship, though it may be joked about.

babe:
A sweetheart, good looking, nice person, great body, someone you really like, loving term. A good thing. You can call your friends or lovers babe, no gender specification

Blonde:
A hair colour, that in no way effects a person's intelligence, personality, sluttiness, or boob size.A person who is naturally born blonde can't help that they are blonde, as it is genetic.Not all blondes 'hate' brunettes, because I surely don't. :)Almost all of my very close friends aren't blonde, so I don't quite understand why or when this rivalry between these two hair colours started.I wanted to clear up that, on behalf of all (or most) blondes, we do not hate you, nor do we think you are stupid or slutty in any way. :D..But please, stop supporting that stupid stereotype. ^^;How about it, eh?

Bro Job:
A non-homosexual gesture performed on a person of the same sex that is a friend as a favor.

brain:
To strike a person in, on or upside the head deliberately and violently oftentimes with a blunt object.

Brody:
The man, the myth, the legend.Brody is the master of yo mama jokes, he knows every yo mama home ever told. He will roast yo mama no matter what.

Beat:
When something is uncool, lame, dumb, ugly, boring. Anything that is displeasuring.

Boss:
A person who knows what he or she wants, knows how to get what he wants, and gets it when he wants. He or she lives by his or her own code and does not care about what others think. A boss has his or her own personality, and does not follow the norm, just because it is the norm. A boss does not settle for less than he or she is worthy of.

Bryce:
An absolutely amazing guy. Someone who flirts like crazy, but is sensitive. Someone who may not act like they care at times, but loves you more than you could ever imagine. He's a bit shy once you get to know him, even though on the outside he sets a player image. Doesn't cheat, and he makes sure you know that. He's good-looking, sweet, and lovable. If you ever are lucky enough to be with a Bryce, never ever let him go. You'll regret it for the rest of your life.

Becky:
A stereotypical, basic white girl; obsessed with Starbucks, Ugg boots, and trying to have a bigger buttYou need to put emphasis on the B when you say it.

bam margera:
he turned his whole house into a skate park.

Bi-Winning:
Bi-Winning, is a term coined in March 2011 by actor Charlie Sheen. Meaning winning on the ultimate level, the term was used by Sheen as a counter description to his erratic behaviour when a journalist inquired about his mental health. The journalist asked Mr. Sheen if he was "bi-polar" based on his apparent manic episodes. Sheen replied that he was not bi-polar but was in fact "bi-winning" adding "I win here, I win there".

Book:
A Book is like .. a non-volatile, stable database that does not lose data no matter how many times you drop it, spill your beer on it, or close it incorrectly. Books are more stable even than Optical Media. Storage is only limited by the amount of space and volume that the owner can physically carry. Some storage units seem to last for years, and whilst the background colour or 'fill' of the pages may degrade to a kind of #F5F5DC beige, the actual data is still readily retrievable.Books were used for storage before computers. The only reason computers were invented was due to the poor fire retardant properties of the base materials used in the manufacture of books (especially those books used to upset the tribal elders of religious groups) and because books were easy to steal data from. Books have also been used to store ideas for Movies That No-one Has Made Yet.

bum:
1. A homeless person.2. British/Australian equivalent of "butt".3. To fuck someone up the arse.

boot:
(n)(v)Military term: 1. Used to describe someone who is right out of boot camp and or their MOS school; 2. one who is unexperienced; 3. usually the target of hazing; 4. One who is still stuck in boot camp mode.

Bobby:
An amazing person who will always fight for what he loves. He is passionate and sweet. Loves animals and children. He is a man's man, usually a mechanic or outdoorsman. He can fix just about anything, but knows how to ask for help if he needs it. He is an amazing cook and a good listener, but has a strong side to balance out his tender side. Ever the vigilant protector, he is always ready to pounce on those who threaten what he loves. Every girl in town (and their mom) is in love with him, and those who say they aren't, secretly are. Those who REALLY aren't, should be. He wrestles bears, alligators and sharks all at once, and wins. Chuck Norris is jealous of him. In short, a Bobby is the most manly of all men.

Basic Bitch:
Someone who is unflinchingly upholding of the status quo and stereotypes of their gender without even realizing it. She engages in typical, unoriginal behaviors, modes of dress, speech, and likes. She is tragically/laughably unaware of her utter lack of specialness and intrigue. She believers herself to be unique, fly, amazing, and a complete catch, when really she is boring, painfully normal, and par. She believes her experiences to be crazy, wild, and different or somehow more special than everything that everybody else is doing, when really, almost everyone is doing or has done the exact same thing. She is typical and a dime a dozen. There are many subtypes of basicness, such as the basic ratchet, the basic sorority bitch, the basic groupie bitch, the basic I'm-so-Carrie-from-Sex-and-the-City bitch, etc, but ultimately, they all share the common thread of being expendable and unnoteworthy and, in some cases, having absolutely no redeeming qualities.

B.O.:
<noun> Slang abbreviation; Literally, Body Odour. The smell that it created when bacteria feeds on sweat hence making it stale. Often unpleasant.

Bot:
You are a horrible player in a game, specifically CS:GO or C-ops (mobile game) and you just suck so badly that you play like a bot, otherwise a NPC or something that isn't humanly controlled.

badass:
Ultra-cool motherfucker.

Briana:
The name Briana means strength. Briana's do not even know that they are beautiful, that is also why they don't have to wear makeup. Totally awesome, very random, adventurous, smart yet uber gullible at times. They have fiery personalities and more importantly fabulously fantastic music tastes. Can be hard on the outside, but beauty and love are under that. Intelligent, talented, kind, very giving, outgoing girls who love to smile, and that smile attracts heaps of guys. Brianas are suckers for love and fall in love easy. They like all junk food especially cookies and cake. They are great friends who love their friends back. They are always there for you, no matter what and love you for who you are. They hate to disappoint people and are super funny while they always look at the bright sides if things. If you know a Briana give her a hug, she is amazing.

ballin:
To stunt...To have it going on with money, cars, hoes, clothes, style, body, and pimping.Doin it big...

Bruce Lee:
The only one that can kill Chuck Norris.

Brenda:
Brenda a strong, unbreakable, attractive, irresistible, ravishing, loving lady who knows her self worth. Brenda is so heavenly and it is no wonder why she is admired by all. She is knowledgeable of her crown value when it comes to her true squad. She loses respect for those who disrespect her, It isnt her ego but self respect. She never loses great loyal friends but instead She loses those under cover haters who want nothing more to have her life and all she has been blessed with. Enemies attack her because she has something valuable in her. Thieves don't rob empty houses. Duh George? People hate her because of the way others love her. They judge her because they never achieved close to what Brenda has. Instead she should be judged by those types of people she avoids. The ones that pretend she is a bad person so they don't carry guilt knowing of the wrong, bad things they have done to Brenda. That for itself, speaks volumes.Brenda, you are loving, beautiful, happy, and giving person. You are a forever friend. Who is consdireate of others and their wellness. You never let a friend or family member down. Even when you're being attacked by a hater. You are strong willed, Ahhmazing, and carry on without negativity bothering you. You are someone many aspire to be like and why people die hard trying to compare to you.

Butt Sex:
THE ultimate form of birth control.

british:
WE HAVENT ALL MET THE QUEEN AND WE DONT ALL DRINK TEA

bone:
1) (v) To have sexual intercourse. "Your aim is to bone" -- Tribe Called Quest (Classic example of a date rape).2) (n) Penis. "You can act like a doggy, and play with my bone" -- Schoolly D. (Another poem ??). 3) (n) One dollar.3) (n) Core, soul. "I'm a rock hard trooper to the bone" -- Public Enemy (Louder Than A Bomb)4) (v) To bone out, as in leaving. "They all got in the car and boned out" -- Smokey (Friday 1995).5) (n) A joint. "Smokin' bones in the staircase" -- Wu-Tang Clan (C.R.E.A.M. 1993). 

black friday:
The day after Thanksgiving where after we spent a day thanking for all we have and shit, immediately wake up early in the morning and line up outside stores and be greedy little bastards and try to buy everything that we can that's on sale. How ironic.

bucks:
Slang for dollars

Breasts:
Breasts is another way of saying boobs. Boobs refer to a woman's breasts.They secrete milk after pregnancy, and are very sexually attractive to men. Men find women's boobs attractive for biological and evolutionary reasons, they signal to men that the woman attached to them is nutritionally healthy, youthful, and able to have a baby. So, boobs may be one of the main factors of sexual attraction between men and women that leads to reproduction and the continued survival of humans.Playing with their boobs during sex can be arousing for women.Because of their attractiveness, boobs are often times used by women to get men's attention, or to get them to do something. Men have been known to go to extreme lengths just for a woman's boobs.

Bunny:
A definition regarding a girls appearance or singling out personality traits such as cute and funny. Bunnies are usually excessively kind, caring, and understanding to their friends specifically. Even if it hurts themself. They are also loyal, but when pushed, if they do not care about the person, they will not hesitate to push back. Bunnies are the type of person that will give their lunch to their friend when he/she forgets it. Bunnies come in all shapes, sizes, and colors. The nickname bunny is not ethnically or racially bound. However, this name is usually given to females.In conclusion, when referring to someone as a bunny, you are referencing their excessive levels of kindness, beauty, and all cute aspects of their personality. Usually used specifically toward the female gender.

barbie:
a plastic whore

Brony:
A fan of the show "My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic". Often male, but female fans are not uncommon. (plural: bronies)Bronies usually show a want to be accepted as normal people, but don't appear to realise that to be treated the same as anyone else, they need to stop making sure everyone knows and remembers that they are a brony at all times, without fail. They also don't appear to understand that most people don't appreciate the internet being taken over by their fandom, which is another main cause for the hate of bronies.

Breanna:
One of the best people you can meet. Completely awesome, but can be very shy at times. Beautiful on a level on her own, but doesn't realize it. She cares about her friends and will do a lot of things to make them happy. Is very passionate and can talk to you for hours on end if something Intrests her. Over all just one of the most amazing people in the world.

band geek:
Used here as a verb. 1. When you lay in a three-pointed star (three people) on the floor of the band room in the dark composing music2. When the members of your particular instrument stick to each other like glue (and the teacher thinks you all are attached by a string). 3. When you find yourself loudly humming your music as you walk down the hallway to another class.4. When you end up teaching little 6 month old babies to play their first scale.5. When you memorize your music and talk about how cool a piece of music is to anyone who's willing to listen.6. When you miss band class and actually look forward to it as the highlight of your day.7. When you witness the above actions in every day life and no longer think that its weird. See also: band nerd and band dork 

BFF:
BFF has two definitionsthe most common of which is : Best Friends Foreverthe other is the complete opposite and is: Big Fat Fuck

boredom:
If your only reading up on this because your bored, add a thumbs up!

BECCA:
Becca is an amazing person who can be crazy yet so attractive, who has a wonderful and cute personality, she always wants you to be happy and is always out there to put other before herself, she always puts on a smile even when she’s going through a terrible time herself, she’s always happy and positive to everyone around her, and always includes everyone in everything she does, she always has people wanting to spend time with her and just doesn’t have enough time to spend with everyone she loves. She’s an all around beautiful young lady who has beautiful eyes you can get lost in, she’s the best type of girlfriend and also an amazing bestfriend, she’s the best person to kiss and just have fun with, she’ll always be there to have fun with you no matter what you do, she’ll always be there and will never let you down, she’s the best lover who isn’t afraid of anything and always puts on a brave smile for her significant other, she is always smiling and always making everyone around her feel special, she’s an all around amazing young woman, if you have a Becca in life then don’t lose her bc that will be the biggest mistake you ever make

bear:
A term used by gay men to describe a husky, large man with a lot of body hair.

bass:
A misunderstood and underestimated instrument. Some retards with no musical sense think that a bass player is a lesser form than a guitar player but they don't realise that in many songs, a guitar would sound very shitty without the bass. Same goes for the guitar, a bass sounds... boring without a guitar. The two go hand in hand, whether added synthetically or actually played. I am a bassist and I have never layed hands on a guitar, they just don't interest me. So alot of bassists aren't failed guitarist. I chose to be a bassist because I love the sound and have an appreciation for its importance.

beauty:
Beauty is a thing seldom seen.  It is held by all within the soul it lies, waiting to come out to the surface, but it can only be found if someone is sharing your soul with you.  Beauty is suppressed by the evils of the world.  Only love can bring beauty out.  Once seen, beauty never hides again.  Not even hatred can deny beauty of it's true design.  Beauty, although possessed by all by few and fewer yet will ever see one of the most beautiful sights - the beauty held by you.

bryson:
bryson, he is a one in a million guy. You will never come across a guy as impossibly perfect as a bryson. He's the type of guy that you day dream of in class and every song reminds you of him. He's the type that your face lights up and your heart races one hundred miles a minute when u get a text from him. A guy who you want to meet your parents. A guy who you look forward to seeing again and again. He's pretty amazing. He has a kind soul and a gentle heart. He's a great kisser like really good kisser. He's just the right amount of intensity. He's a gentleman and a romantic. He loves to surprise you. He's adorable absolutely adorable. He loves using the word babe. His eyes smile a certain way that make you feel butterflies everytime. His smile is so cute but he is a little self conscious of it. His laugh, everyone loves his laugh. it's so special and different from every other laugh. He is a child inside and loves all video games. He loves to take your phone and hide it (he thinks no one knows that he's flirting). He's a flirt but it's sweet. He's a great friend and you can trust him with your life. He's a guy that u might carry a piece of your heart for him everywhere you go. he's bryson i love him.

Bun:
To bun something is to convey displeasure or annoyance with someone or something.To write something off or to disregard.

Boobies:
Real tits. Proper tits. Not implants. No plastic. No enhancements just proper squeezable soft boobies

Bust-down:
Bust-down refers to an expensive piece of jewelry with a lot of diamonds in it.

bucket:
Something you need when you have no other combacks

butt pirate:
person who pilages another mans anus

bubbles:
A character on the wildly popular Canadian mockumentary "Trailer Park Boys", Bubbles is played by Mike Smith (formerly of the rock band Sandbox). He sports coke bottle glasses and a perpetual Down Syndrome-esque visage, repairs shopping carts for a living and loves his kitties.

Boi:
This is what you say when someone says/does something stupid.Usually the hand is extended and is pointing towards the intended person.

B:
It's just a fucking letter! However, the word is sometimes used to describe your friends or lovers and even to reply back to a compliment.

Billie Eilish:
her name is Billie EILISH like eye lish/i lish, NOT ELLISH. get it right next time

Bubba:
An affectionate word for a loved one. Someone you love infinity and beyond.

BRB:
The short term for 'Be Right Back' which usually means that people have told their friends via text or internet based social services that they have gone somewhere for a brief period of time which usually stand for the time of up to half an hour unless they've said that it would be longer. Although in some cases, the term of BRB can also mean that they have gone for more than 6 hours without any hint of what they are doing, which usually suggests that they are having a hard time trying to masturbate properly.

Blunt:
noun: blunt; plural noun: blunts a hollowed-out cigar filled with cannabis.

booboo:
something that is very cute and adorable. it is used for someone who needs to be kissed and cuddled every second of the day.

buddy:
a condescending, demeaning nickname guys use for other guys they pity or feel more influential over.

Bill O'Reilly:
Another word for crap, turd, shit etc...

babygirl:
A nickname for only the most rare and unique girl out there. A babygirl is a girl who is always there for you when nobody else is. They stick by your side for years and watch you get with girls who only want to tear you down. When this girl finally is yours make sure that you never let her go. . A babygirl is a girl who will stay on the phone with you for countless hours or until she falls asleep. As your relationship progresses you will notice just how cute her giggle and smile really are. They will be something that even if your day is horrible, they can brighten it up. Along your journey you will have some rough patches but when you really think about what's going on you will call and apologize to her and tell her you love her. There are many qualities that can be associated with a babygirl. For instance, they are funny, sweet, cute, outgoing, proud, sexy, spontaneous, adorable, trustworthy, honest, sincere, loving, wifey-type, babymama-type, giggley, cheesy, dumb, soulmate, attractive, wonderful, beautiful, and amazing. Just to name a few. She will make your heart beat fast and cause you to get tongue tied all the time over the phone.

Bimbo:
a physically attractive but unintelligent woman

Chav:
1. Human equivalent of vermin. Fake sportswear, large gold jewellery (bought from argos) and (at least) quadrouple pushchair with females of the 'species'. They use a little known language derived from English slang and American 'gangsta'.Most reproduce by the age of 14, sometimes younger.Chavs are created by their parents through serious neglect or adequate education of any kind. Although the 'species' is so new, their predicted life span is around 40 years, enough time to raise a least 5 broods. They can be found around fast food outlets, shopping malls and other similer places. Their main transport is either a 'modded' shite bucket or a police vehicle of some sort.

cunt:
The ORIGINAL english word for a vagina.

covfefe:
It literally means covfefe.Originated from Donald Trump's tweet: "Despite the constant negative press covfefe"

Chris:
A really hot teddy bear.

Chode:
A chode is a penis that is wider than it is longer

cole:
- Cole is a sweet, kind, trustworthy guy who makes a great friend and an even better boyfriend. You may think of him as shy at first but when you get to know him you realise that there's a lot more to him than what meets the eye. He has a wonderful personality and is very caring. With his mesmerising brown eyes and dark hair it's hard not to fall for him.

Cracker:
After the Civil War,some whites were so poor they had to crack their own corn because the could not afford mill.

Christian:
Christian is one of a kind. Christian is insightful, extremely intelligent, caring, tenacious, and an innovator. Christian's caring heart may make you think that his empathy is endless, but beware, Christian will not be taken advantage of. Christian is a magnet of positive ions and energy that spreads to everyone who will acknowledge this fact. He has amazing dreams and goals that he will surely succeed at and excel. Christian's realism and matter-of-fact attitude may give you the idea that he isn't emotional, although he's a realist, he is capable of extremely deep and profound emotions and is fully secure in his masculinity, so he isn't afraid to show it. Christian's creativity will blow your face off if you ever witness it. Christian's smile will melt even the coldest of hearts, so bright and full of hope and joy. Christian's eyes will show you what it's like to gaze into a sea which is the brightest of greens and the deepest of blues at the same time. Beware- Don't gaze too long, otherwise you may find that you have stripped your clothes off and are standing there naked in the hopes of being ravished by Christian. He's a sexy beast. You will know when you meet Christian, because you'll know you just met an amazing person.Note- Just because his name is Christian doesn't mean he is a believer in any specific faith.

Chloe:
Chloe is the most amazing person that you will ever meet. If she tells you her secrets you know that you are something special. She is the sweetest and nicest girl that guy could ever imagine. On the days that you are down she is the one person that will make you feel better. If you are lonely you can think of her and suddenly you are not as lonely. She is the best girlfriend a man could ever wish for, sweet, caring, and always knows adzactly what u want. If a man had a girlfriend like Chloe they would be the luckiest person in the world. She is always willing to do anything. She is a risk taker, and a care taker. She uses her mind in the best way possible. She is a very brillient women with many talents. She is very athletic and caring. She creates a love that can only be expressed by feelings, it is so strong it is hard to put into words. She is the reason why some people can sleep peacefully at night and get up in the morning. She has a great personality and the most beautiful smile that you have ever seen. Her face is irresistible and hard not to look at. Chloe is the type of person that will comfort you when you are going through a hard situation. She is always by your side, extremely forgiving and will never hold a grudge. She can keep a secret, you could trust your life on her and never have a worry that she will tell anyone. Overall Chloe is the brightest best and most beautiful person that I have ever see.

Canada:
Our large neighbor to the north. Largest chief cities include Montreal, Quebec, Ottawa, Toronto, Winnepeg, Vancouver, and Calgary. They have the flag with the well-known maple leaf in the center. They are not cowards and pansies contrary to popular belief. Canada sent thousands of soldiers to fight and die in World War I, and again in World War II, and even joined our coalition against the Communists during the Korean War. I don't think they are weak at all. I earnestly hope that the United States and Canada shall become allies. I would be proud, as well as millions of other Americans, to have them as close friends.

Cum:
the white stuff that comes out of your pee pee

Cats:
Ninjas in fur suit with knives hidden in the paws.

Chad:
The region between the balls and the arse-hole; can be an erogenous zone for some.Girl: I was fingering that part between his balls and his arse and there was shit there.Everyone listening remained silent but later laughed among themselves:'Eww! He had a shitty chad.'When you measure your dick, you don't start at the arse-hole and include the chad; you risk getting shit on your measuring tape.

Connor:
Connors are perfect. They have brown/blonde hair and dreamy brown eyes you could get lost in! Their smiles make your day and you can't help but smile along side of them. Connors are nerdy and geeky but at the same time very athletic! They play any sport that involves a ball. They are also incredible smart! They also get along with many people, but have one group of friends who know how to have fun. Connors are hilarious and tell the best jokes. They also are super supportive and will always have your back no matter what! Connors make the bestest friends. Connors are not afraid to be weird. They are also shy around certain people but once you get past the shyness they are the best people to be around! They have a loving nature that is seen by all.

Cameron:
Cameron is the silliest guy you'll meet. He loves inappropriate jokes and has a few close friends. His girlfriend is treated like a queen, and he can be lovey-dovey at times, but serious at others.

Caleb:
A very sweet and Handsome guy but who is also very shy. Who is extremely good at mostly anything he does and won't admit it. They need help to open up to people and are only open to people they are close to. Caleb's are very sweet and just a hug from them will make your day 1000 times better. They will always be by your side and there to cheer you up when you need

Chris Brown:
A way to put your woman in check. 

cock:
A slang word for dick.See also:dickdonga Richard

chuck norris:
A less than hardcore actor who once starred in such shitty films as Sidekicks, Invasion USA and Missing in Action. He is most know for his ridiculous display of round house kicks and poor dialogue on the show Walker Texas Ranger. >or<A washed up actor who got his second wind based upon a very large list of (at one time) humorous jokes and facts(If you will) about him, that after being repeated from here to Nantucket far too many times,  became old and played out and down right NOT FUNNY ANYMORE

Crush:
A person who gives you butterflies and makes your heart beat faster. A person that you can’t describe in a word, but multiple words. A person you can’t get off your mind.

california:
A state where it takes an hour to get from the beach to the snowcapped mountains. 

Canada's History:
A sex act performed often by members of Canada's high society in which maple syrup is poured generously onto the crotch of the willing female, who then mounts the face of a moose by holding onto its antlers. The Moose encouraged by the presence of the sweet syrup performs cunnilingus on the woman while the Stanley Cup is positioned below to collect the drippings. Once a sufficient volume is collected the willing male participant dips his erect phallus into the cup prior to insertion into the Moose's anus (preferably before the Moose has slurped up all the syrup). Depending upon the size of the phallus inserted into the Moose, one of two results will occur:(1) the Moose will become agitated to some degree of insanity and attempt to buck off both the man and woman. At this point, if the couple lasts at least 8 seconds and both reach the point of orgasm, they win the Stanley Cup. This is referred to as the "Two Canucks, One Cup" Rodeo.(2) the Moose will become aroused, and will proceed to insert itself into the female. If the female is unwilling, a suitable midget replacement will suffice.

Cody:
A good ol' country boy, that almost always says, "Yes ma'am." He is loyal to his friends and family, especially his mama. A Cody won't mind hard work and isn't afraid to get dirt on his hands. He is tough and determined. He has the sweetest smile, the warmest hugs, and the biggest heart, sure to be a great lover. He will do anything to take care of his lady. While a Cody loves to joke, he won't push his humor too far on his girlfriend. He knows when something is wrong and wants to help when it is. Most girls at first don't realize how great he is and what they are missing, until he leaves the room with that lucky girl. He is always faithful and sure to subtley turn heads with his charm.

camel-toe:
crotch cleavage, esp. on a woman.  The outer lips of female genitalia visible through tight clothing.

Courtney:
One of the kindest caring people ever. She is so loveable and when talking to her you are sure to have a laugh. She is always smiling and is friends with everyone. It’s impossible to dislike her and if you do you’re just jealous. She is great at keeping secrets and listening to others. She would never hurt someone on purpose. She loves to dance and listen to music. Sometimes she puts herself down and thinks she isn’t worth it but she needs to know she is amazing, beautiful, talented and has such a kind caring soul.

Charlie:
Charlie is the most amazing guy you will ever meet in your life. He is super athletic and has a hot body. He makes everyone around him feel so good about themselves and he's a real charmer. The cutest guy you will ever meet in your life and you'll want to hug him everytime you see him. He is absolutely hilarious and polite and social to everyone. HOT

Caitlin:
An amazing purple dinosaur.

Claire:
She is a very unique, beautiful and admirable girl you can ever meet in your life. She can be a great listening ear and tried to help to solve other's problem. Claire can be lazy at times but inside, she is actually really smart and intelligent. A lot of boys like her a lot but she will always have someone in her heart that she will never forget. Claire is a remarkable and role model person, that is very well-liked by many of her peers, teachers and friends. She never fails to be a great friend. Claire is a very talented person but yet she does not find out her talents. She is a wonderful and emotional person, but kind and friendly. Claire has many hobbies and interests. She often get distracted but she knows what is right and wrong. Claire is awesome and funny. Only a lucky man will be able to win her heart.

College:
The place that will fuck you in the asshole with student debt.

Cool:
A cool person to me is being real. Being themselves and not caring how other people view what they say or do. When I say you're cool, that's what I mean. Today too many people are concerned how others view them. Posting pictures on social media sites of themselves on vacation or where they are eating dinner that particular evening. Fuck that. Do things for yourself and for YOU to enjoy it, not to show everyone else what you're doing.

Cute:
You!

charlotte:
a charlotte is one of the most genuine, down to earth, happy person that you will ever meet. she is usually reserved however her mind is constantly thinking and working. she will ALWAYS be there for you and you can tell her your deepest, darkest secrets because she’s is completely trustworthy. she is super smart, completely GORGEOUS however she doesn’t know it. she works very hard in school but knows how to have fun. she is VERY TICKLEISH hehehe. i know a charlotte and i don’t EVER want to loose her. if you know one, get to know her and try to be her best friend because you will have SCORED!! she is usually the peacekeeper and doesn’t stand any bs. she is completely honest and doesn’t like getting in trouble or doing anything behind someone’s back xx

Carlos:
A Carlos is someone that is always trying to make you laugh with his unique jokes about literally everything. You can’t avoid smiling when he is around. He is definitely the best person to be in class with, because with him nothing is boring. He has a huge patience, as he stands all the crazy girls he has around. A Carlos is also a very romantic person, as Paris and the Eiffel Tower are one of his favourite things in the world. He is a protective friend, hating when other people hurt his friends. Even though you feel sad or in a bad mood, he will always try to make you laugh, achieving it. His photos are the best, specially when he’s not looking at the camera. If your Carlos does something good, you must give him a “Point for Carlos”, and he will answer it with a “yes”. He is, with no doubt, such an icon. Literally, he’s always the profile picture.

Caroline:
An intelligent, beautiful, funny girl. She is a genuine person with the brightest smile you will ever see. But underneath all the skin and smiles shes a human. She is insecure, and messes up, cries, gets angry, and becomes nervous. She is "like any other girl" she keeps telling herself. But she isn't. She has the cutest and outgoing laugh in the world. Just seeing her smile could brighten your day and hearing her voice is like listening to an angel. You can easily tell when shes happy because her eyes light up and the corners of her mouth move up and she try's not to laugh. She is the light that keeps the world shinning.

cakes:
A female with a large ass.

cock block:
One who prevents another from scoring sexually.

Creeper:
A type of creature often seen in the In Development game, Minecraft. Similar to a suicide bomber but this creature lures prey into its line of fire by frowning and looking generaly sad. People fooled by this act soon are blow to millions of tiny bits as the creeper explodes. The creeper earned its name for its ability to swiftly sneak up on an unsuspecting player and quickly kill them, destroy their construction, and leave them exposed to more powerful monsters.

crunk:
In 1995, Conan O'Brien and Andy Richter were scheming ways to get past the TV censors on Conan's late night talk show, and they settled on an all-purpose, suitable replacement for the infamous seven dirty swearwords that they couldn't say on TV: Crunk. The choice to use that word was definitely not random. Ice T just happened to be on the show that night, and he likely fed the word to them beforehand and certainly helped fuel its popularity during the telecast ("That was seriously crunked up, right there."). But Ice never claimed to have come up with the word--he probably got it from Dirty South rappers, who had been using it for years as a euphemism for getting really crazy and fucked up on marijuana and alcohol (stoned and drunk. Chronic plus Drunk = Crunk). Or maybe crack and drunk. Or coke and drunk. Or maybe just being crazy and drunk. Whatever it is, it means getting really crazy and fucked up. And with Conan's introduction of the word to northern suburban audiences, Crunk came into its own as the recognized sound of the new generation of Dirty South Rap, prompting white college fratboys everywhere to wander around going "WHHHUT!! OKAAY!! YEEEAAHHH!!" like annoying dipshits. and it's all thanks to Lil Jon, and by Lil Jon I mean Dave Chappelle.

cheese:
A term coined by RTS gamers when a player uses non ordinary measures, often considered cheap tactics, to win the game early.

Condom:
What broke last night.

Christmas:
A wonderful time when somebody breaks into your house and eats your cookies, whilst replacing the food with presents. <3

Cheerleader:
Unfairly stereotyped person, usually a female, who participates in an intense and under credited sport. They dont actually like cheering games at all.Usually falsely stereotyped as a blonde unintelligent slutThese girls have to actually maintain a usual average of 70% in school in order to be on the team, proving the "dumb" label incorrect.Cheerleading is one of the most dangerous women's sports and deaths do and can occur.It is a very competitive sport and their team works all year in order to go to a competition (usually nationals) and preform.Cheerleading includes tumbling(gymnatsics) stunts, pyramids dancing and cheers, so cheerleaders have to be talented and physically fit.Most cheerleaders are not "popular snobby whores" I happen to know several girls on my school team who aren't very well known, of course none are gothic but alot of the team consists of average and very dedicated girls.Cheerleading at my school does not mean popularity in anyway. If you want to be popular you have to be nice, and people have to like you.There are good and bad girls on every sports team but for some reasons cheerleaders get called out if they aren't nice ALL the time. not everyone gets along with everyone.I am a cheerleader and do not appreciate negative the negative stereotypes.Of course, maybe its different everywhere you live, the girls on the cheer team you know may very well be blonde bitches, but the ones I know are nothing like that.

Chase:
He is a great guy. He loves sports. He is handsome,and totally hot. He is an all around great guy. He may read your messages and not reply but just know he is helping other people and don't get worried he will come back to you. He makes everyone smile. He is a very happy person to be around.

Carson:
A boy you’ll like easily. He could be mean and rude sometimes but he will change his attitude later on. He’ll make you smile when he walks in a room and he’s funny. If your sad then he’ll be there to cheer you up. He will mess with your head and flirt with your friends sometimes but you’ll still like him. If you have a Carson in your life then be his best friend and if you like him tell him or he’ll ask someone out. Never break up with him or your stupid and you’ll regret it because he’s perfect. He is everything you’ll need funny,caring,daring,bit rude and mean,nice, and cute .

caillou:
Caillou is a soiled little shit TV show on PBS, Caillou can't grow hair, not because he has cancer or progeria, but because he sucks, and even his own body recognizes that he does not deserve hair or food or love.Mar 26, 2014

Ciara:
Ciaras are the girls that get everyones heart pumping, girls and boys alike, if you know a Ciara you’re a very lucky person and if you’re dating one then you might as well have one the lottery, Ciaras are very beautiful people who usually don’t know how perfect they are and they usually have a brilliant personality where they can talk about something for hours and you’ll still find it interesting. Ciaras usually are very kind and are usually quiet but loves musicals, if you find a way to become a Ciaras friend then you’re one lucky person. Ciaras are also really good at art and are really talented in almost everything, they literally deserve the world.

Cancer:
Logan and Jake Paul, Morgz, and other cunts who make a living abusing themselves and family members, AND clickbaiting 7 year olds into thinking they’re watching p0rn. WE HAVE A CRISIS ON OUR HANDS!!!

Christopher:
A Christopher is Someone you will never want to lose. He is the most sweet guy he gets very touchy sometimes but in a good way. He will always have his back for you and is a leader. He will never forgive people that dishonor him or disrespect. He likes to make people laugh and keep everyone happy.he is a good kisser and is above average is bed. He will fight for what's his and will keep fighting until her gets it.

clown:
A situation where you are fooling yourself, or get fooled by someone or something

Cassidy:
Cassidy is a girl who goes through a lot but doesn't want to burden other people with her problems so she keeps it all bottled up. Cassidy usually has a very bubbly personality, but will be very quite around people she doesn't know. Her parents named her after a Grateful Dead song and she never hears the end of it. She is a very loyal friend, but will fight against a friend if they turn on her. She is very hard headed and goes for what she wants in life. Cassidy can be a sporty person but would rather be at home watching Netflix. Cassidy tells it like it is, she isn't going to treat you like a baby.

Christianity:
During his life Jesus teached, told parables, performed miracles,etc. Some people started to follow him and then crowds followed him. Then they started to call him Messiah and then other people got angry. Even though Jesus never did anything wrong people still hated him. They thought he wanted to become king. Then they planned to kill him. Over the time of Jesus's live he gathered 12 people and called him there disciples. They are like personal followers of Jesus. One day while Jesus was in the garden praying one of his disciples betrayed him. The guards captured him and then later sentenced him to death. He was crucified on across and died while his hands and feet were nailed to the cross) As Christian's we believe that Jesus died on the cross to save us from our deadly sins. There is a price to pay for our sins. And that us death. But Jesus died for us to save us from a enternal burning lake of fire, a burning hell. 3 days later he did something even more amazing he rose from the dead. So in summary Christianity is the belief of God's son Jesus coming to Earth saving us and raising from the the dead. But there is more to Christianity than you think. So much more. Like the Holy Spirit. We also believe that Jesus gave us the Holy Spirit to guide us to God. Then when we die we go to heaven and praise,worship and live with God until the end of the world. Even still there is so much more. God loves you. That is just my definition of Christianity.

Christina:
Christina is a name that reads elegantly from the lips. Beautiful in sound it is associated with beauty in the soul and physique.The heart of a Christina is filled with a gentle kindness that enables her to only give to others. At the drop of a hat she would be there to listen or comfort those that need her. When you befriend a Christina, you just know that you have made a true friend for life.She is a private, modest person who places up walls to protect her compassionate heart from those who wish to hurt it. At first you might find her personality to be difficult to get along with, care enough to establish a relationship with her and those walls will tumble down with a few pokes of a finger.A Christina has so much love to offer, it is her greatest gift. If you manage to capture her heart for your own, consider yourself very lucky. And know that she does not give herself to another lightly, for one must be as truly wonderful as she to be worthy.

Communism:
Communism is a socioeconomic structure and political ideology that promotes the establishment of an egalitarian, classless, stateless society based on common ownership and control of the means of production and property in general.

Catherine:
She's the most open hearted and kind girl you'd ever meet. You'd fall in love with her instantly and when you try to Un fall in love with her, you'll always find yourself back loving her. She's very sensitive and emotional but her smile and laugh can brighten up the room. She may not be perfect but at the end if she has fallen in love with you, no matter what goes wrong. That love doesn't go anywhere even when she tries to hide it.Catherine has such a big heart but sometimes gives it to the wrong people but she never stops. But once she let's go, she's not coming back.

cuck:
A man who lets his wife or girlfriend have sex with other men. Often the man lets her do whatever she wants and treat him like shit.(Short version of cuckold)

Colin:
The coolest guy you will ever meet. Colin is a guy who will make you smile even when your sad. He is also known to be cute, and most girls like him. Colin is a guy who likes to hang out with his girl and guy friends. All the girls would be jealous of colin's girlfriend because she is so lucky.

cross country:
A sport in which requires dedication and the will to want to run everyday. Those who run are the only ones who can fully understand how great it is. Though training is hellish, the reward more than makes up for it. People often criticize the sport, but this is because they are ignorant, or maybe even jealous. They say that it is only running and laugh at the small shorts. Cross Country is not nearly as popular as football or baseball, but the fans who come and watch are like no others. Very often, people cannot comprehend why we run and see running as a punishment. It is these people who could never realize,  and shall never realize why we do what we do. It is not for glory, but for self satisfation. Cross Country requires more physical and mental strength than other sports. 

crap:
what one says when one is afraid to say shit

crackhead:
someone who is lit, and a bit of an airhead that sometimes could seem as though they're high on crack cocaine therefore they are called crackheads. crackheads are easy to get along with and usually very funny.

Cheyenne:
Can be quite shy until she is comfortable with someone, then she will be very outgoing. She normally keeps herself to herself, and she doesn't like talking about personal things. But when she gets close to someone she will open up to them and hope that they will understand. Cheyenne's are good looking and are not normally very girly. She doesn't like being the center on attention and prefers to help others rather than herself. Anyone around her feels automatically better because she can be such a happy person, although a lot may go on that no one knows about. They like listening to music and reading and are intelligent and creative. She picks carefully who she is friends with, the people she accepts are important to her and they feel the same way.Cheyenne may make mistakes but she will try her best to make them right afterwards and make sure that they are never accidentally done again. She may get paranoid that her friends don't like her and they have to reassure her that they don't, although it doesn't annoy them because they understand.

cum-dumpster:
(Noun) A promiscuous person who has indiscriminate sexual relations with damn near everyone.

cut:
To leave ; To go away

Chicago:
A city that many kids you will meet in college say they are from only to learn they live 45 mins away in west suburban Naperville or some other faraway suburb.

Casey:
A Casey is someone who is always on the front lines. Weather it’s dishing out shit or taking it, they’re always there for the people they care about. Casey’s may not be as strong on the outside but on the inside, they can endure anything. Casey’s are funny, charming, intelligent, and (to the best of human knowledge) there has never been an ugly Casey. No matter what happens, Casey’s will always be there to make sure everything is alright. They are the first on the battlefield and the last to leave. Casey’s are the most loyal, trusting, and caring people anyone can have the wish of knowing.Also they have gigantic cocks (or tits or whatever girls have)

Chop:
Chop (or spin) is a mixture of tobacco and weed, smoked through a pipe or bong.Known for its horrible taste and rediculous rush. It's also damn addictive. Hence why only a few smoke chop, but the ones who do tend to smoke it exclusively.Term used mostly around New Zealand, possibly other parts of the world.

cock blocker:
when someone interupts you before or during sexual intercouse.

Carter:
A guy who unexpectedly gets many girls. He has trouble comiting and dedicating himself to one girl, but when he cares a lot for you he spends time letting you know. He is very intelligent and works hard at all he does. He is a goof around his bros but loving and caring around a girl. He is the kind of person to like a girl but continue to talk to many other girls based solely on looks. He's one worth waiting for. He values family and determination. Many question his motives and actions but all comes from a good heart. Those who critique him are often jealous. He is one of the funniest people you will ever encounter.

Clusterfuck:
South Sudan

Cheerleading:
A sport that is a mixture of dance, trampoling and gymnastics.Yes. I said "sport", even though I don't do it. And I'll tell you why.I'm a 800 metre runner for my school. 800 metres takes me three minutes. How long does a routine take? Oh, wait, let's see. Three minutes. Those who say that it "doesn't last long enough to be considered a sport" shouldn't consider athletics one, either. But you do, don't you? So... well. That arguement doesn't work.What about it's "not hard enough"? Well, weights is a sport, no? And cheerleading - proper, competitive cheerleading - includes weight-lifting, in the stunts, no?You say "well, it's four people lifting one"... umm.. have you ever seen it? The weight is carried by two - the others are just for safety.Also, my friend's coach and her do this stunt where it's just him holding up her. You can't say weights is a sport and cheerleading isn't.How about when you say "it's just a bunch of girls screaming"... god, have you ever seen rounders? Whenever they score a rounder, they're all like, "AHH!! WELL DONEE!! OMG!!! AAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!" and clap and everything.Umm.. to the dudes saying "all they do is flip a little" - well, gymnastics is just that, correct?I have heard even lamer arguements, such as "jumping around a little isn't a sport!". What about high jump, long jump, triple jump and trampoling?Or even - laugh my ass off - "only things that are against another team are sports." What about COMPETIVE cheerleading? This is the one my friend does. You - guess what - COMPETE against - can you even believe it? - OTHER TEAMS to try and - oh my god - WIN. ¬.¬'

Corey:
A Corey is the type of person who can always make you laugh but yet make you wonder why you're even laughing. Coreys are males who are amazingly smart and attractive but not cocky about it. Corey is a guy you can just stand near and be insanely happy because you're close to him. Coreys are also great friends and lovers :) Coreys know no limits and live life to the fullest. Coreys put God first. A Corey is the upmost amazing guy put on earth. So sweet, kind, funny, smart, hot, trustworthy, honest, and genuine person. Anyone who has a Corey in their life are so lucky and better never let them go. Oh they are also great kissers and have a freaking hot body! Coreys are not fighters but they will fight for what they love.

creep:
A young, studly man with a particularly good butt (from excessive stair training). A particularly common jargon among young, female Dunkin Donuts employees.

chicken:
A kilogram of cocain.  Dealers started calling kilos "birds" which then evolved into "chicken."

Crips:
The Crips are primarily, but not exclusively, an African American gang that can be identified by the blue worn by their members. However, this practice has waned due to police crackdowns on gang members. They were founded in Los Angeles, California in 1971 mainly by Raymond Washington and Stanley "Tookie" Williams. What was once a single alliance between two autonomous gangs is now a loosely connected network of individual sets, often engaged in open warfare with one another. The Crips are one of the largest and most violent associations of street gangs in the United States, with an estimated 30,000 to 35,000 members.

cocaine:
a hell of a drug according to Rick James.

counter-strike:
the reason why i failed my exam.

Call of Duty:
A game that makes people think that they are gun experts after playing.

Cringe:
Jake Paul

Cherry:
A damn fruit, man! Get your head out of the gutter.

coffee:
A legal, addictive stimulant.

Callum:
The most amazing boy you'll ever meet!! You'll fall in love intantly! At first he'll seem shy, and nerdy, but once you get to know him, he's super insane, and will make you smile 24/7. Callum is an amazing friend, and if he becomes more than that, never let him go, no matter the distance between you. He'll make an effort to see you, and talk to you as often as possible. He is truthful, beautiful, hilarious, and amazing.

cooper:
cooper is the best guy you’ll ever find. he knows how to light up your day. he helps anyone that needs it and is always there for you. if you date a cooper, you’ll always miss him and his smile, his laugh and his kindness. man, everyone wants to date a cooper.

cap:
it means your lying but in a different way

CJ:
An amazing guy who is sweet and quiet. He likes to joke around with girls and make them laugh. He might have someone who he is in a thing with but he has a deep love for someone else. Cj will help you through your problems and give you the most love. He has this cute smirk that will make your pants fly off.

coronavirus:
A virus that causes people to buy way to much toilet paper, and makes kids go through the hell that is online school.

Chill:
Chill is a word that can be used for many things. It could describe being cool and a go with the flow person. Or a cold object. But overall chill is a cool word.

China:
1. an annoying kid 2. dude who thinks he got a great sense of sarcastic humor, but it's actually just common sense3. equivalent of a communist4. Joe Biden

Caden:
Caden is that one guy that is kinda awkward/quiet but really the fucking nicest person you meet and has friends in every single clique and if he ever needs something someone will do it cause he is nice to everyone. He is also the guy that will help all the girls in his class only to later go home with them and then “tutor” them with his 8” ruler.

Computer:
Similar to air conditioners. Works fine until you open up windows.

cutter:
One who cuts themselves to releive themselves from an emotional pain. Cutting is not something one advertises, and when someone does cut they are generally ashamed and hide it as well as they can. Can be done with any sharp object, such as, but not limited to, knives, razors, broken glass, broken cd's, scissors, and safety pins.

cocksucker:
General all-purpose all-american insult used to describe anyone except the person who actually sucks your cock.

Conservative:
If used in a non-political sense, "conservative" simply means "not much."

cupcakes:
the whores of the muffin world

cop:
to get, recieve, purchase, steal, or have

Coon:
An insulting term used by both races.When used by whites it translates to "nigger".When used by blacks its describing an uncle Rukus type character.A black person who is ignorant to white discrimination and unknowingly suffers with self hatred.A black man who only dates white women or only find white women attractive.

Chelsea:
the most amazing friend you could ever have! a chelsea would always have your back no matter how bad the situation is.she/he is extremely smart, funny, kind and is willing to help with everything. although sometimes there are times when chelsea could flip her/his personality.chelsea doesn't like being complimented and denies it at all times wether if its true or not. chelsea can also become very harsh at sometimes and it may feel like that they wanna murder you.but in the end a friend named Chelsea is a great friend, and you need to keep them for the rest of your life <3

chickenhead:
1. a female who likes cock2. a female who likes giving head, bobbing up and down like a chicken3. a dance move

Charles:
Charles is the sweetest, most amazing guy to ever walk the face of the earth. The only guy to know just how to make you smile, even more, the only guy who will take the time to try. He's tall, handsome and very intelligent guy with an amazing personality to go with his great looks. He's very talented, is amazing at what he does. Usually he has black/brown curly hair. He has the greatest sense of humor. though no one would know because he is as shy as he is good looking. He is probably the best kisser you will ever meet and knows how to have a good time. Does amazing things in bed, is very loving and caring and would do anything for the ones he loves. But he's not interested in breaking your heart. He will never try to pressure you into sex. He is amazing to you. And he wont let you ever talk down about yourself. The greatest love one could have would be with Charles.

Camaro:
A common site of human reproduction.

Color Guard:
The group in school who spin flags, throw rifles, and toss sabres. A group that gets no recognition what so ever

Craig:
Craig is one of the best people you'll ever meet in your life. Craig is the type of person you want in your life he's thoughtful, kind, smart, athletic, sexy, super sexy, strong, independent, sympathetic, funny just an all around bad ass mother fucker. As a friend, Craig will always have your back no matter what the situation is, he's there for you whenever you need him he's the type of person to put his loved ones before himself no matter what. He's a great kisser and even a better lover in the sheets... no joke at all I kid you not you'll never find anyone better... he'll be the guy to take your breath away without even trying his love is ever ending, when he says he loves you he literally means to death do us part. His looks are everything a woman wants not too tall not too short just right! usually, Craigs has nice brown hair with a pointy nose don't know why but that's the way it goes but damn do they ever have a killer body, your mouth will water every time he takes his clothes off. For some weird reason, they have this obnoxious laugh that's so loud that you end up laughing at his laugh rather than the joke he told

crystal:
a rare beauty, who is extremly smart, and has a love for life! A beautiful person who wants to change the world and all that she meets in it!!! My hero

Canadian:
Akshay Kumar is the greatest canadian.True canadian who sacrifice his life for his country just like Akshay Kumar ditched Indian Citizenship for Canada.As per DTAA treaty Canadians who residing in India get credit on their income & they pay their taxes at lower rates compare to Indian citizens. Hence Akshay Kumar took right decision

circle jerk:
The act of constantly sharing the same opinion in a forum full of people who are obviously known to have the same opinion as yours, therefor granting you free upvotes to said opinion, while gathering downvotes to anyone that opposes you on the matter

Caitlyn:
Caitlyn is a fierce, unique, and quirky girl like no other. If you get a Caitlyn treat her with love and respect.

cigarettes:
designed by insightful people, who realized that the last 7 yrs. of life are not worth living anyway. Those are the 7 yrs. you cant make coherent sentences, and you shit yourself constantly.

carmen:
Talking to her always cheers you up. She tries to be what she sees as "good enough" because she only sees herself as less than. She's one of the most caring people you'll meet, fights for her friends, but forgets about her own feelings. She's always giving advice to friends and listening to them without even thinking about her own feelings or problems. She feels like a burden when she talks about her feelings so instead, she prefers to smile and act okay. Everyone takes her self-degrading jokes lightly, but few know how insecure she truly is. Most people take her jokes lightly, and only worry sometimes. She tries to only trust a few people because she's scared of being attached and then being left alone. She knows she has friends who are always there for her, but she still thinks she has to fight her battles alone. She tends to have sudden periods of depression and pure sadness, where she smiles even though she's a second away from shattering. She fights for what she believes in and for everyone she loves. She can be a bit impulsive, but that's just her being silly. Her heart is fragile, and she loves all her friends. She would rather be in pain forever rather than watch one of her friends suffer. When she truly falls, she falls completely without looking back. She falls for the wrong guys and seems to always end up crying. She always puts too much faith in people and can be a little too forgiving and naive in her own ways.

chalga:
Music made by the stupid for the stupid, unfortunately very popular in Bulgaria. The music is mostly stolen from Serbian, Greek or Turkish songs, with just the lyrics changed.The "performers", if you could even call them that, usually have huge fake boobs, fake nails, fake hair extensions, layers of make up and are really just high class whores for the producers, the "mutri" (mafia) and just about anyone else. The men look like pimps or drag queens.Female chalga fans a.k.a. "chalgarki" typically wear slutty, cheap clothes, usually fake designer. The male fans- "chalgari" must look and act like dumb, "macho" guys or pimps at all times. (to demonstrate that they're straight).Generally the fan base consists of peasants, gypsies, "mutri" (gangstas), truck/taxi drivers, dumb slutty girls and general low lives.Usually chalga is hated by anyone with an ounce of intelligence. It's the equivalent to trashy rap/R n B/hip hop in the Western world. People who listen to chalga too much invariably become brainwashed and start to believe that easy money, sleazy underage sex and expensive cars are the essence of happiness. Such people are to be avoided at all costs if one wishes to remain sane.

cookie:
Food of the gods

Cougar:
An older woman who frequents clubs in order to score with a much younger man. The cougar can be anyone from an overly surgically altered wind tunnel victim, to an absolute sad and bloated old horn-meister, to a real hottie or milf.  Cougars are gaining in popularity -- particularly the true hotties -- as young men find not only a sexual high, but many times a chick with her shit together.

Crab:
1. A person who does not want another person to succeed by showing the following actions: Disloyalty, Jealousy, Slander, Two-faced behavior.2. A person who uses another for personal gain or self gratification.Synonyms: Hater, Back Stabber Leach Free-Loader

cow:
British slang for an annoying, stupid and/or bitchy woman. Sounds funniest when spoken in a Glasgwegian accent.

choad:
Usually penis, penis wider than it is long, or the area between the penis and anus.  Taken from colloquial Spanish.

COD:
The game where I have to mute everyone on because they are annoying morons.

cell phone:
A number you should NEVER EVER give to your boss.

coconut:
a sex movement when the girl is riding the dick and she spells out coconut with her hips.

Crackwhore:
1.) A person, usually female, who prostitutes herself out to obtain money to fuel her addiction to illegal/illicit narcotic drugs (examples: crack/cocaine, meth, heroin)2.) A word that eliminates the need for a punchline in comedian Norm MacDonald's jokes.

Camila:
Camila is a strong independent girl who doesn't want people to see her cry. She may have been hurt many times, but she's a bad bitch. She is beautiful, smart, and funny, but only focuses on her flaws, while denying her strengths and beauties. She displays her opinions on topics strongly, and she lets people know when she's dropping them. She stands up for her friends, and is an amazing friend overall. When she falls in love, she doesn't really know how to take it, and is always jumpy and nervous about it. If you find yourself a Camila, try and keep her, because she's pretty awesome.

converse:
When people say converse they are usually referring to Chuck Taylors or chucks which are most likely the most popular style of converse shoes.  And yes my dad likes to tell those fascinating stories of how he wore them when he played basketball in highschool, often he uses visual aids(his highschool basketball team picture where everyone on the team is wearing said shoe) to illustrate this point. Yes, very cool dad.  Then he regales us with stories of how he had a pair in every off the wall color and they were only ten bucks @ Yellowfront (some ancient sporting goods store).  All very fascinating.  Nowadays these glorious shoes are being worn by all types of people, but I wont even try to name all the "categories" of people that wear them because that's lame.  Classification sucks major ass. Anyway, don't give a shit what anyone says about you wearing the damn shoes.  If you like something wear it. That should be the only reason to do anything at all anyway. So whether someone says your cool for wearing them or they tell you that you have no right to do so, just tell them to FUCK OFF! because you couldn't care less what they think! Or you could just ignore them and walk away which is often to better effect.

Colton:
He may seem kind of intimidating but he's sweet and kind and thoughtful on the inside. He has a strange sense if humor but still makes you laugh everytime. He's a great friend to have.

Cara:
The most beautiful girl in the world to the ones that are willing to notice. Cara will have the type of relationship that starts as puppy-love and ends up in the old folks home with her true love from teen years. Cara is kind-hearted and flirty and will make you smile in the toughest of times. She is very sensitive but strong-willed. Cara is not one of the "popular people" but makes friends with everyone. She is more innocent than you think... Although as she gets older, her self control in the areas of sex will become harder and harder to obtain. Oh my.

crack:
As a rule of thumb, it is profoundly unwise to take crack-cocaine. The brain has evolved a truly vicious set of negative feedback mechanisms. Their functional effect is to stop us from being truly happy for long. Nature is cruelly parsimonious with pleasure. The initial short-lived euphoria of a reinforcer as powerful as crack will be followed by a "crash". This involves anxiety, depression, irritability, extreme fatigue and possibly paranoia. Physical health may deteriorate. An intense craving for more cocaine develops. In heavy users, stereotyped compulsive and repetitive patterns of behaviour may occur. So may tactile hallucinations of insects crawling underneath the skin ("formication"). Severe depressive conditions may follow; agitated delirium; and also a syndrome sometimes known as toxic paranoid psychosis. The neural aftereffects of chronic cocaine use include changes in monoamine metabolites and uptake transporters. There is down-regulation of dopamine D2 receptors to compensate for their drug-induced overstimulation. Thus the brain's capacity to experience pleasure is diminished.

collins:
Collins are good friends and boyfriends bucause they understand you and give you good advice. They are normally quite tall and skinny tho they may not realise. Collins are very rare and extremely hard to find but trust me, if you find one, keep him safe and listen to him, because if you listen to him, he will listen back and give you good advice when he can.

Conner:
Usually a really amazing nice guy. He will probably seem awkward at first, but he's not that bad. He is just the right amount of smart and athletic. A Conner will usually be extremely talented, and all the girls love him, but really humble and never a show-off. He is not perverted and respects girls. He can be really serious and quiet, and really fun and crazy. He will usually have a subtle but hilarious sense of humor. He has the most beautiful smile and it will most likely make your insides melt. Conners are usually so amazing, there is no words to describe them! The word Conner can also be used to describe something or someone so great it's too amazing to put into words. If you know a Conner, get to know him. He is most likely the most amazing guy you will ever meet!

Childs:
A much more entertaining way of saying children.Tip: even more amusing when said with a Southern accent :D

Claudia:
One of the most amazing people around. She is funny and beautiful in a unique way and seems super confident but is also super insecure. When she walks into the room it instantly gets brighter. She has trouble fully trusting everyone but when she says you are friends she means it. She is a super friend and will be there until the end. But if you hurt her... well lets just say, sleep with one eye open

charliesheen:
verb  trans.  destroy all that is good in your life. Piss away great opportunities.

Clara:
Clara is a beautiful amazing girl. She has the most pretty eyes and will make your day just by talking to you. She will make you smile the second you see her beautiful face. She gives the warmest hugs and kisses. She’s also the best girlfriend any man could ask for

carly:
Usually a bit crazy. Loves food. music. very sensual. real funny. sarcastic. Kinda hippie-ish once you get to know her. Strong willed and independent but hates being alone. Very pretty, nice, kinda careless, confusing at times and acts more on impulse. Has her up and downs sometimes. Sweet if she likes you. Likes to make you feel good. If she hates you she really REALLY hates you a lot and might try to kill you but if she says she loves you she means it. Can get carried away in her beliefs and stuff she is interested in. Doesn't care about what other people say or think, goes her own way on stuff when she doesn't agree with others. Smarter than most people. Really gets to her when you show you care about her. Most amazing girl I have met. ever. Catch her if ya can.

camper:
Found in online multiplayer games. A camper stays in one spot and waits for enemies to walk past him before attacking.

confuzzled:
a word that is a combination between "confused" and "puzzled" that every middle school aged kid claims to have made up

Cassie:
Most funny awesome person ever. She is super smart but doesn't like to admit it. She can be tough, but really she's very sweet on the inside! She's a super loyal friend. She doesn't like to dress up very often but she totally rocks the tomboy look. She can make any situation fun with her witty remarks and sarcasm. She is kind of secretive and closed off at times, but she makes an awesome best friend! She loves her family and truly respects her parents, something not found in most people anymore. Did I mention she'd make a great best friend?!

Carl:
Carl is our future, Carl is our Lord and Savior, Carl is all hope, Carl can cure world wide problems, Carl is the sexiest man alive, Carl is a Goddess

Celeste:
Celeste is such a wonderful person. She’s super pretty. She’s just drop dead gorgeous. She has that cute-stupid-attitude which makes guys or girls fall in love with her. When people tell her she’s pretty and cute and adorable she’ll deny it or if your a girl and you say that to her she’ll say something like “all you”. She always wants people to feel special and feel loved. She sometimes has trouble making friends because everyone is really fake to her. She has such a warm and welcoming personality and heart that everyone is always dying to fall into her arms and hope to some day marry her. She the ideal girlfriend who will treat you right. She gets bullied a whole lot , but only sometimes it gets to her. In conclusion she’s the ideal person to be hanging out with because she will make your day. She will make you smile, laugh, and many other emotions. She the ideal best friend you want to have who won’t switch up on you.

Cardi B:
a term short for cardiovascular bronchitis but is mistakenly used in the music industry from a famous artist with a similar name

Chips:
Bad, or not good. In replace of weak or wack. 

cholo:
A cholo is term implying a Hispanic male that typically dresses in chinos (khahki pants), a wifebeater sleeveless teeshirt or a flannel shirt with only the top buttoned, a hairnet, or with a bandana around the forehead, usually halfway down over the eyes. Cholos often have black ink tattoos, commonly involving Catholic imagery, or calligraphy messages or family names.  Cholos often drive low riders.

coward:
someone who runs away or abandons his responsibilities or obligations during times of danger, distress, pain, or fear of the unknown; someone whose concern is only for himself

cheating:
Someone who is in a committed relationship and breaks the trust of his or her partner by getting physically or emotionally involved with another person. Common forms of cheating include kissing, feeling each other up, vaginal, annal, oral sex and any other contact that involves the lips, hands, and genitals.  Emotional cheating invovles forming a close bond with someone of your preferred gender and basically forming a second relationship.  This may or may not include physical cheating.

Colby:
Colby is this sweet handsome boy and is very caring and sometimes can be annoying as fuck but love his friends especially his girlfriend. He has a lot of friends and is very sweet but sometimes can be an asshole.

chucks:
converse shoes, old school



Donald Trump:
a massive fucking dumbass.

David:
A very sweet and Handsome guy but who is also very shy. Who is extremely good at mostly anything he does and won't admit it. They need help to open up to people and are only open to people they are close to. David’s are very sweet and just a hug from them will make your day 1000 times better. They will always be by your side and there to cheer you up when you need them. They are also eager to be someone in this world, maybe a business man or a doctor.

Dylan:
Dylan is the guy that everyone is clueless about. You think you know, but you have no idea.

Daniel:
Daniel is a friend who sticks by your side no matter what. Everybody, from kids, to people your own age, to grandparents love him. He himself is a total kid at heart and will have you rolling on the ground laughing with his antics. He's the leader of his friend group and throws parties like no other. While at first glance he's just the "best friend" kind of guy, the truth is he's amazingly romantic and just waiting for his princess. His strong build and gorgeous eyes added to his amazing personality make him the perfect catch. If you ever meet him - you'll know. And if you're the lucky girl he chooses- don't be stupid because he will love you like you've never been loved before. He won't walk out of your life - but you better be smart enough to do the same. If you've met him, you know, and if you haven't you're missing out. Cause knowing him is the best thing that will ever happen to you.

Dog:
A furry potato

dick:
1. the lever2. the handle3. the pipe4. the slim jim 5. the chili dog6. the start of a mans life7. the dangler 8. the python9. the lollipop10. the pully

Depression:
Depression is often taken lightly, which often just makes someone who is suffering from it feel worseThe true weight of depressionDepression removes all of your interest in what you used to love, you gain no enjoyment from anything, this makes you feel sad, as you remember the time when you could enjoy stuffMusic just makes you reflect on life, making you feel worseYou feel that any food is wasted on you, or you eat too much, because you don't care about appearanceYou can laugh but, something is missing, laughing doesn't make you feel goodYou tend to sleep inconsistently, in fact I'm writing this now-- at 4:00am, I'll probably wake up at 3:00pm, another day wastedYou don't feel like talkingYou have no energy to do anythingYou are often alone, wondering the meaning of lifeYou feel insignificantThe worst part of depression in my opinion is not knowing what caused it and not knowing if you will get betterIf someone tells you that they have depression, you must take it seriously, they really need your helpPeople do care about you, no matter what you thinkThere is hope, for an entire week, I enjoyed everything I used to, I couldn't stop smiling, it was the best feeling in the world, and after feeling that, I know it is possible to kick depression and live lifeAnd If you have depression, I hope that you will try to get better, its not a case of not getting better, you just have to try

Dominic:
Dominic is the bestest friend you could get in the world i swear. He is the bomb. You know what..No he isnt just going to be a best friend. He is like going to be a whole family in one person and you would love him for a fact. A Dominic is perfect way to talk about anything!!!!! They are FUNNNYY AS HELL. Suportive. always there for you. doesn't and won't take bullshit for a exuse or any of that. He is the type of friend that you could spend years with and never get tierd of :) So if you had him as a brother or something (rare) :D Go and get one! they are so rare. If you get a dominic mad though, Hell is broken out. Like he will stand up for what he believes. be the most funniest person you can talk to, yet still be serious at the same time (maybe) He can make your day in less then a minute. I promise you would be lucky to have one as a friend

death:
an excuse to get out of work

Daddy:
the father of a child

Donk:
Slang for a large penis -

Douche:
The second stage of being a dick between asshole and jerk

dumbass:
someone who is dumb and has an ass

dude:
A word that americans use to address each other. Particularly stoners, surfers and skaters.

Dick Cheney:
An oily, whorefaced, bean-stealing enemy of the people. Dick Cheney completed the long-rumored merger of Halliburton and the Whitehouse. Under Dick Cheney’s guidance Halliburton became a de facto government agency, overseeing policy decisions as well as spending billions in public funds. Dick Cheney also shot a senior citizen in the face, while poaching quail, at a canned hunt (after drinking). He was then taken off the NRA Christmas card list. 

Danielle:
DanielleDanielle is the most amazing girl you'll ever meet, she has an incredible smile that will light a room and always knows what to say when you're feeling down. She may not think she's perfect but she is perfect and truly amazing and anyone would be lucky to have her in their life. She knows how to make everyone laugh and when your with her you'll always have a good time. She is truly the life of any party and without her everything would seem a little less brighter.

Dank:
🔥 HIGH QUALITY DANKTASTIK🔥 DANK CANNABISGreat Cannabis structure, potent smell, STICKY ICKY with beautiful trichomes, has a tasty taste and the effects are why it is great for medicinal purposes. DANKIEST OF THE DANK DANKTASTIK🔥 DANKunpleasantly nasty, moist or wet🔥 DANKAnother way of saying COOL or AWESOME TO THE MAX🔥 DANK MEMErefers to viral internet content of overuse or passing trends. It can also refer to unique or weird memes.🔥 DANK BEER Very hoppy, cloudy IPAs with high alcohol content and flavors with a very FUNKY taste.

Dad:
Error 404 not found

Dub:
Abbreviation for the letter W. usually taken as a win.

Dan:
Dan

Destiny:
A girl that seems shy when you first meet her, but then turns into a crazy, funny, AMAZING girl when you get to know her. She loves deeply, and trusts too much. She's ignorant, but always catches her faults. She's smart and beautiful. Amazingly beautiful. She's unique. One of a kind. She's just Destiny.

dildo:
IT'S A GOD DAMN PLASTIC PENIS!!!

Danny:
Danny is the best guy a girl could have. Dont lose your danny or you will regret it. Eventually you gonna be able to marry this handsome,sweet,caring man.The kinda guy you will spend the rest of your life with.

Democrat:
A non biased definition of DemocratThe Democratic Party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States, along with its rival, the Republican Party. It is the worlds oldest active political party. Democrats generally tend to adopt left wing views, advocating social and economic equality. The Northeastern states are typically more left leaning and the Democratic party is more supported by those living in urban areas and younger demographics. As of 2019, 15 Democrats have served as President of the United States.

dingleberries:
dingleberries are small pieces of shit that stick to a guy's butt-crack hair.

Dork:
a person in which is both academically inclined and fans over things, also is silly and clumsy.

Duck:
A water chicken.

Daisy:
A smart and beautiful girl that loves to laugh. She's energetic and very fun to be around. At first she's shy but when you get to know her, she's nothing like you would think. Daisy may not be the most popular but people adore her. Some guys are even intimidated by her beauty. She can be very insecure (even though she has no reason to be) and will rely on people to help her gain confidence. She is a loyal and helpful friend. She will always be there for you to help you feel better and solve your problems. Daisy is very trustworthy if you have a strong relationship with her.

Diego:
Diego can be very shy at times. Especially when talking to his crush. But if you take the time to talk to him you’ll see how charming he is. He’s one of the cutest guys you’ll meet in your life! He always has a jacket on, never takes it off, but it makes him unique in a way. If you ever get the chance to date a Diego, don’t let him go. He’ll protect you, comfort you, and always make you smile. He can be a little dirty minded sometimes but he always makes you laugh.

Devin:
A guy who acts like a badass but we all know he has a good side but he hardly ever shows it she might look good all the time but if he wants to be an asshole to you there ain't nothing you can do to stop him he always zones out in his classes he's either sleeping or staring into space he has a lot of friends and is on his phone at lunch every single day.

Dubstep:
Simply, a genre of Electronic Dance Music based around a non-straightened half-step beat, wherein a bass-drum (kick) will often (but not always) play on the first downbeat and a mid-range percussion (snares, claps, etc.) playing on the third downbeat, with variations to this skeleton beat. It is often produced around 140BPM, but can go as low as 128 or even as high as 145, there is no real set BPM.Sometimes it is said to be a downtempo genre but this is simply a misunderstanding of the concept of a half-step beat.LFO modulated low and midrange basslines are not essential to the genre and alot of dubstep productions do not even incorporate them (e.g. Nero - Reaching Out, Bassnectar Remix - Ellie Goulding - Lights), and actually originated from it's origins in 2-step garage and Dub Reggae, and can be found in DnB and House.Expanding on this, frequently, alot of songs that aren't Dubstep are referred to as Dubstep, mainly due to incorporating alot of features (LFO-Modded Bass, Dirty FM Synthesis Mid-Range, etc.) associated with Dubstep.There is no specific feel to dubstep. It can be thrashy, heavy and dirty (e.g. Skrillex, Excision, etc.) or melodic, euphoric and trancey (e.g. Seven Lions, Xilent, etc.), or moody, relaxing and chill (e.g. Skream, Bassnectar, etc.). It can incorporate elements of a variety of different genres ranging from Trance and DnB to Hip-Hop and Nu-Metal, and the reverse is also true.

Dickhead:
a person who is an idiot and shows it all too well

dakota:
Dakotas are very weird, but they are pretty good friends. They always wear smiles because just do. They like to play around and do dumb things. and they like to say thing out loud. They don't have the patience for annoying kids, or normal kids, or people in general.

dip:
1. v., to leave, depart 2. v., to place tobacco between the gums and lower lip 3. n., shortened form of "dipshit", i.e. a stupid, annoying, or displeasing person

Diana:
The sweetest girl you will ever meet. She's usually shy at first but if you get to know her she will make your life a million times better! She needs to know how beautiful she really is. She giggles like a 3 year old and has a big heart. Sometimes she freaks out over nothing but it's hilarious to watch! She wishes the best for everyone and has no enemies.

directioners:
the worlds craziest, scariest, most-dramatic yet dedicated fandom that has ever walked planet earth. “directioners” would die for the 1d members, and will basically do absolutely ANYTHING to make sure they rise to number #1 on the charts every time a new album/song is released. Directioners have fully devoted theirs lives and souls to one direction, but have no regret in doing so at all.

Dope:
Saying something is cool. Most heard in big cities. Or, a drug. (Ex. Cocane/Mary J/ Dope)

Death Metal:
A form of music that developed in the mid 1980's from thrash.  Possessed recorded a song entitled "Death Metal" in 1984, which would appear on their debut album Seven Churches in 1985.  Other bands such as Aggression, Death, Necrophagia, Nun Slaughter, Slaughter Lord and even Slayer contributed to the movement.  What defined death metal was the fact that it was basically an exaggerated form of thrash--everything from the vocals (which transformed into a mix of growling, grunting and rasping) to the drumming was made harsher and heavier than before.  The music itself became somewhat anti-rhythmic, and in some cases experimental (as seen with Darkthrone's Goatlord album, or the modern technicality of Necrophagist).  The first bands to really modernize the movement included Autopsy, Cannibal Corpse, the virtually unkown Necrovore, Morbid Angel, Obituary, and Ripping Corpse, among others.  Death metal could range from the blood and gore horror imagery of Cannibal Corpse, to the satanic overtones of Deicide, to the political statements carried by Dying Fetus.  Some criticize death metal as they feel the musicians do nothing but randomly band their instruments.  Nothing could be further from the truth--listen to Morbid Angel's album Covenant, for instance, or Cannibal Corpse's Gore Obsessed, to get a better perspective on the scene.

Devo'n:
A true nigga til the end. This dude can make you laugh til you cry and always has your back.

detroit:
The real-life Gotham City.

Drake:
A Canadian rapper who started from the bottom and used to call you on your cell phone

da:
dead ass. like really legit. super literal. not made up. at all. when you wanna add an extra word to a sentence to make it stand out more. prounounced "duh". although it is mostly used when typing.

Dead:
1) The word you use when you find something hilarious.2) Not physically alive.

Donald J. Trump:
A racist president who needs to get his priorities straight periodt

dirty sanchez:
The term 'dirty sanchez' originated in the porn industry, particularly films involving ass-to-mouth (atm) action.  It describes the (originally unintentional, i.e. blooper) act of leaving a shit moustache on a partner's face by taking your cock out of her ass and putting it in her mouth without wiping it off first.  The result is that as the dick is thrust between the lips, shit is scraped off and comes to rest on her upper lip in a moustache configuration.   Anyone who thinks it involves the deliberate wiping of shit with fingers on a partner's face is a know-nothing fucktard.

Derek:
Comes across at first as shy and non-talkative, but this only adds to the charm he hides. Although you get past his walls and encourage him to talk, once he opens up, he is generous, good, and awesome friend who is caring with his friends and would do anything for them. He typically has many friends yet only two or three he actually trusts.Derek is encouraging and honest, and expects being told the truth in return, even if it hurts him. Derek absolutely doesn't like to hurt a girl’s feelings, which can cloud his mind from the obvious. At times he can be susceptible to getting his feelings hurt because although he tries to hide it, he has a open heart, making his beautiful eyes and handsome body even more attractive.A tip to Derek’s: Don’t stay in your shell when someone is trying to get to know you and talk because it comes across like you are a grumpy cat. And when it comes to the ladies, step up and just tell the girl you like how you feel. Stop being so worried and just go for it or else you send mixed signals and could lose her.

deuces:
when someone holds up two fingers symbolizing "peace" when leaving an establishment, "deuces" is often said. 

Drew:
A charming and sweet asshole, has the tendencies to have a smart mouth and be extremely sarcastic, but cares for everyone. He's nice when he wants to be and can make a girl fall for him in just the snap of a finger. He loves sports and his favorite colors are usually yellow, blue, and green. He has a playful attitude and is happy most of the time.

deez nuts:
A male's two most precious belongings, and the boast of his manhood. Usually when the phrase "deez nuts" is used it is to flaunt one's genital superiority to either gain a great laugh or just piss them off.

Dave:
Dave a strong but awesome person. Dave a loving person for his family he will protect his family he will never cheet on his wife and is an awesome frien.

diarrhea:
Flaming liquid shit that makes you scream with pain, clench your teeth, grab hard onto the nearest solid object so that you don't get blown away, and wonder how you're still alive when it's over.

Dictionary:
Words about words

disney Channel:
A channel that always has shows with lame, repetetive plots, and will make a show or a movie every time they think of an amusing pun or any random theme (i.e. a kid who plays baseball and cooks.) Although the target audience is 9 year old girls and fruity boys of their early teens/preteens, they will not heisitate to make movies like "High School Musical" (by the way, if they wanted to make a realistic high school movie, it wouldn't be on Disney Channel, it would be on comedy central at 10:00 at night.) Every frikin month they make a new movie and use the same actors (or better yet actresses) over and over and end up turning them into crappy, anerexic pop performers with no skill who end up lasting for little over a year.Unfortunately you can tell it will be around for a LONG time since their so rich they dont even need to show commercials that dont advertise their own things

dome:
blow job, head, sucking on the dick

Delaney:
First things thing's first she's the realest. "Beautiful" doesn't even do her justice because she's just that perfect. She makes the worst days wonderful and is the most genuine person anyone has ever had the pleasure of meeting. She's a bit neurotic but it just adds to her charm. She helps the people she surrounds herself with and they do their best to help her back. She could make you laugh at a funeral and make it totally tasteful. She's intelligent, passionate about the things she likes, and always there for her friends so long as they listen to her vent once in awhile.she's the best friend anyone's ever had.

DSL:
this means dick sucking lips

DUFF:
A term that was popular in the early 2000's and is an acronym for "designated ugly fat friend." In modern day, this term is only used by douches who can't keep up with current slang, and by stupid ass middle schoolers who think they are the shit because of the 2015 movie of the same title that attempted to resurrect the term and make it "cool."

Danielle Cohn:
A girl who wares a significant amount of make up and a small amount of shirt

Dragonball Z:
As a young adult, Goku meets his older brother, Raditz, who tells him that they come from a warrior race of extraterrestrials called Saiyans. The Saiyans had sent Goku to Earth to destroy it, but his ship crashes upon arrival. Goku fell into a deep ravine and lost all memory of his mission. Goku refuses to help Raditz continue the mission, after which he begins to encounter others who want to battle him, such as the Saiyan prince Vegeta. He also encounters Frieza, who is considered to be one of the strongest beings in the universe, after which Goku begins training his first child, Son Gohan, to be his successor. Years later, a group of soldiers from the Red Ribbon army known as androids appear to kill Goku. Another android, Cell, absorbs Androids #17 and #18 from the Red Ribbon army to increase his power, then fights Goku and Gohan, resulting in Goku's death. Goku decides to stay dead for seven years to train in the Other World. When he returns, he is drawn into a battle for the universe against an extraterrestrial named Majin Buu. Joined by Vegeta and Gohan, the evil half of Buu is destroyed and the Good Buu (Mr. Buu) settles down with them. Ten years later at a martial arts tournament, Goku meets evil Buu's human reincarnation, Uub. At the end of the series, Goku takes Uub away on a journey to train him as another successor.

DILF:
An acronym for "Dad I'd Like to F***". A dilf is any man (typically between the ages of 30-50) who is incredibly attractive and has kids. They are usually really cut, from activities such as pushing strollers, giving piggyback rides, and intense trips to the local park or Disney World. They also have a killer smile and sense of childlike joy, because they play with their kids all the time. Unfortunately, getting with them is hard, as they are typically very faithful to their wife (see MILF).

Dr.Phil:
Dr.Phil is a sexy 69 year old man, born on September 1, 1950. This year (2020) he is turning 70 year old. Which is extremely sad, but he will forever be 69 in our hearts. He has a nice, shiny bald head that I bet he moisturises everyday, explaining why it looks so damn good all the time, and a super sexy moustache. Anybody who doesn't worship this king is absolutely sick, and they will need to seek help immediately. I bet he smells really good, too.

Desiree:
The girl who isn't afraid to be herself. She loves YouTube and music. Everyone knows her name, yet she isn't popular. She has her own group of friends that she can be weird with. Can be shy, but never shows it. Different in a good way. She likes to help others and is never self centered. Daydreams a lot and can soon good stories. Has a temper, but can control it. Has a good memory, except with math and school.

Dustin:
A Dustin is alluring, wise, and adventurous. They have a lot of charisma and wit which makes them irresistible. They have the most beautiful tattoos and are great artist. Somethings they are quite selfish and unforgiving which makes them difficult to love at times. The most attractive ones go by Dusty.

Drunk:
When you have to hold on to the grass to keep from falling off the earth.

DeRp:
The contemporary DNC and GOP parties are one party. the DeRps.Ignore what they say, watch what they do!Your common DeRp wants government spending and lots of it. DeRps don't care if they have to borrow it's only important that all of their choice interest groups (hobbies) are fed at the end of the day. The only difference between the DNC and the GOP is what the spending goes toward. They're consumers just like generation x women and no one takes their men seriously. The generation x women wear the pants in the DeRp house and they represent the marginal power of the DeRp vote.If you're into programmed reality TV shows, the DeRps offer a lot of sibling rivalry intrigue for your interactive enjoyment.

dc:
abbreviation for 'don't care'

DP:
DP, or short for Dynamic Programming (not to be confused with Double Penetration) is a methodology for solving complex problems by breaking them down to overlapping sub-problems. In most cases, DP problems are hard to solve by yourself, so learning DP with friends is extremely recommended -- in which case you may as well begin practicing the other DP variant as well.

dink:
a New England term referring to someone being an ass-hole or an idiot.

Drama:
A way of relating to the world in which a person consistently overreacts to or greatly exaggerates the importance of benign events.Typically "drama" is used by people who are chronically bored or those who seek attention.People who engage in "drama" will usually attempt to drag other people into their dramatic state, as a way of gaining attention or making their own lives more exciting.Common warning signs/ risk factors of drama or a dramatic person are:1. Having one supposedly serious problem after another.2. Constantly telling other people about one's problems.3. Extreme emotionality or frequently shifting, intense emotions.4. Claiming to have experienced negative events that are highly implausible.5. A boring job or mundane life.6. Making claims without sufficient evidence or a lack of detail about supposedly serious events.7. A pattern of irrational behavior and reactions to everyday problems.

Declan:
Either girls love him or hate him they don’t know which one to choose because they all like him some way or another

Dom:
n. Short for "Dominant." The dominant person in a BDSM relationship or encounter.

Dani:
A game developer that is addicted to saying THICC, boner, drinking milk every single video, and watches memes in Reddit, he was known as an independent game developer of the Milkman Karlson series, like Karlson 2D, Karlson 3D, and MIlkman Karlson.

dipshit:
1. A despised person; a moron; an ineffectual person; one with a habit of being wrong, loudly and often.

d'oh:
1. An expression of grief or anger, derived from the realization of an idiotic act or mistake.2.An expression of whoa.

dime:
A beautiful girl, a perfect 10

drugs:
Mankind's way of borrowing happiness from the future at a high interest rate.

Dr Pepper:
Dr Pepper, also known as DP. Created and sold in 1885 Waco Texas, one year before Coca-Cola existed, anyone who says it tastes like cherry coke is an idiot. If they are similar in taste, its cherry coke that resembles Dr Pepper not the other way around.

DTF:
Abbreviation for "down to fuck"

dodge:
something that just is not right

DRACO MALFOY:
NOT A VILLIAN.

Disney:
Animation company formed in the early 20th century by Walter Elias Disney (or D'Isney, in its origianal form). Produced Steamboat willie in 1928- the first full-length animated feature. Today, owns a mass of theme parks, media and toys. One of the richest companies in the world... probably. Many of their features are now by-words for narcotics.

Douchecanoe:
It's a lightweight craft used by douches to move around on the figurative conversational currents to spread their message of doucheness to new individuals who were blissfully unaware of their existence. It also has cupholders, which is the only redeeming quality of the douchecanoe.

Duke:
1) To slap a sandwich down upon the sandwich of another person as a sign of opprobrium or disrespect.

diva:
a polite way of calling a self absorbed narcissistic woman a bitch

dingus:
A person who occasionally pisses you off, but at the end of the day you still love them. They're usually your best friend who makes fun of you from time to time. Dingus can be used as a comment when they irritate you, or in a few cases, it can be endearing.

dyke:
A word used to refer to Lesbians. Originally meant to be a slur, it has been "reclaimed" by many Lesbians who might use it to identify themselves of other Lesbians. It is considered rude to use the word "Dyke" unless you self-identify as one. A type of water-stopping dam.

Dennis:
Generous, understanding, smart, and very talented. He is as sharp and as quick-witted as Jim Carrey on speed, but he can also sometimes be brooding like Marlon Brando. He's a strange one, but he will leave you laughing anytime you see him. He has a cute self-consciousness about him that is very charming. He is so gifted that everything just comes to him naturally and effortlessly, but he genuinely thinks he sucks at everything when in fact he doesn't. Which is fine, because that makes him try ten times harder than anybody else at anything that he does. He is also very tough. Stories tell of him wrestling a pack of hungry coyotes that were messing with his cat. Don't ask what happened to those coyotes. He's just one of those few people that have a commanding presence about them, and you instantly recognize him when he steps into a room. Mere mortals tremble by his very presence, but he doesn't see you this way. He is never judgmental towards others, which is refreshing to see. He is very empathetic and always wants to relate to others. I think he's an artist, and a damn good one, but he cringes when hearing that word. He has great difficulty receiving compliments, of all things, and I cannot figure out why. Did I mention he's handsome? He looks like Johnny Depp. On a bad day. His wit, humor, handsomeness, and all around awesomeness, makes me think that he is the reincarnation of Cary Grant.

douchebaggery:
The greatest word of all time, simple yet pleasing in its onomatopoeic beauty. For one to commit douchebaggery, he/she is not limited to but may include some or perhaps all of the following behaviors: - the wearing of flat-billed baseball caps backwards- using an enormous amount of gel to spike the hair porcupine style- wearing polo shirts or any other type of shirt with the collar popped, a disgusting gesture that should've died in the 1980s with parachute pants - the sideways peace sign gesture- overdone pursing of the lips- too many visits to the tanning salon- pointing at oneself, holding up beer cans, or making other obscenely immature gestures in solo or group photos- following trends for the sake of fitting in (see "goatee")- adding "The" or the suffix "-ster" to one's name, as in "The Rickster" See Guido or perhaps frat boy for more. Essentially, "douchebaggery" is one of those things as easily understood by definition as it is by one's demonstrations of it.

dr.dre:
1. A westcoast rapper/producer who started out as a member of the NWA. He then moved on to Deathrow and finaly to his own lable called Aftermath. Famous for discovering Snoop Dogg, Eminem, and co-signing 50 Cent.

dragonforce:
To complete a project, task, assignment, etc as fast as possible, paying little/no attention to detail, finesse, quality of results, etc. Adapted from DragonForce, a power metal band from England known for their intensely fast songs.

Dubya:
Slang term for the most inept president the United States has ever had. George "Dubya" Bush

Dillon:
Dillon is a cute but shy guy who is easy to get along with. He is quite but will stand up for others, even fight if he has to. And don't get on his bad side.

deviantart:
A web based art community with many users. Users can submit their art to this community where it can be viewed by others. There are many great artists in this community. However there are many crappy artists as well who only submit pictures of half naked women in order to get a massive amount of page views and comments on their pictures by young testosterone loaded teenage boys.

democracy:
Four wolves and one lamb voting on lunch.

discord:
A communication system where people can create servers and invite little kids to have some fun and chat.

Dalton:
A guy that will love you better than anyone could. Stubborn to admit love but if he does take the entry. Will deeply love his girlfriends and cares for his family way more than he will ever admit. If you are lucky enough to get or find a Dalton do what you can to get him because if he isn't appoached he won't do it himself. Seams seperated from the earth but more down to the earth then most people. Tall, Strong and incredibly intelligent he is the perfect guy. Good friend, Great Lover and even Better Person.

Dream:
The thing your parents and teachers encourage when you are a kid, only for it to start getting crushed by life.

dragon:
Possibly the best mythical creature known to this day.

Damian:
A Damian is a fun guy to hang with. He will say weird things to you but will always make you laugh. He is a good looking guy and very intelligent. If you mess with him, he will act tough but he can do anything. He is very nice and will complement you if he thought if was a good idea. He could get very pervy at times but you still would have fun with him. If you ever date a Damian, than you are quite lucky. He will do anything with his friends and anything for his friends. If you have a friends, then you have a very fun friend.

Damien:
Although he can be socially awkward, he's a very smart, yet understanding person. He tends to get a lot of backlash for being so closed in but he's trying his best. Although not always as fit as the others, he's an amazing protector, and someone you can open up to. If he seems cold and uncaring, he's really not, just putting on an act. Also, a decent class clown, low-key.Do not, I repeat, DO NOT anger Damien.

D's:
short for Dayton rims

Diamond:
An awesome, smart, random, crazy, sexy fun loving girl. She can make you laugh all the time and can pull off any outfit any day. She's the sweetest and nicest person you'll ever meet but don't piss her off or you'll end up in the Nevada Desert

Dawg:
Close friend and/or Homie

Daniela:
An awesome girl all around. Has her group of friends that she loves, but she has a few enemies. She can be the nicest person on the world but piss her off its your funeral. She doesn't take shit from no one. But other than that she is very loving and super funny.

Donkey Punch:
The Donkey Punch is when your engaged in anal sex and when your about to ejaculate you punch the poor little lady in the back of the head so her anal cavity tightens making the orgasm all that more better (for you ofcourse).

Dumb fuck:
A person who knows what you mean when you say something but acts confused.

December 2:
December 2 is national ditch school dayThe day were you can purposely ditch school and it would be okay

dinosaur:
The greatest, most diverse and successful class of land vertibrates ever, believed to have originated sometime in the Triassic about 240 million years ago, and disappearing around 65 million years ago. Gods among animals, and awesome testaments to the power of creation (or evolution, if your must insist that these words be mutually exclusive) they were physiologically superior to mammals and gave rise to birds. Often our society shows a disinterest with the phenomena of the dinosauria, approaching paleontology with a "they're dead, who cares" attitude. They are also ridiculed for having "died out" when they in fact persisted a period of something like 160 million years--more than 40 times longer than the time elapsed since the earliest human anscestors appeared. Even the word "dinosaur" has a deprecative connotation, implying something that is outdated or obsolete.  Stop for a moment to consider that these animals did, in fact exist, and are not the chimeras of children. This writer would maintain, however, that anyone holding the view that an interest in dinosaurs is nerdy and childish deserves to have his or head bitten off by a Charcharodontosaurus.

Dusty:
A broke “player,” typically a male, who has nothing to offer but sex. Usually a user. This type may appear to be what society deems “successful” but targets the vulnerable and likes to exploit “feminism” and “pick-mes” willing to go dutch, 50/50; etc. They often look good on paper, but if you pay close attention their game unravels quickly, if you’re willing to accept they’re nothing but trouble. Avoid at all costs.

divorce:
Something that only an idiot can have more than once.

drummers:
those guys in the back that have what may be the hardest job but get little/no recognition along with the bassist while the guitarists and lead singers take all the credit

deadbeat dad:
A man who doesn't pay child support and also disrespects his baby mama in front of the children and disregards her feelings. A man who believes that having a job means that any form of child care is not his job. And who gets 'overwhelmed' by taking care of his children for a few hours but doesn't understand that the mother takes care of them night and day with no breaks.

DINO:
DINO IS A DINOSAUR WHO IS IN-LOVE WITH A GIRL NAMED EDIE.

Doggo:
A force so powerful we could easily die close to one

Dana:
Dana is kinda shy at first but then is very nice. But she can become a badass at certain moments. They are alway amazing artists. Your lucky to have a Dana in ur life

disturbed:
A fuckin' awesome band.

Daniel Seavey:
Daniel Seavey is the definition of hot, snack, full course meal, and ideal boyfriend

dab:
To touch one's foot to the ground while bicycling.  Considered to be a lost style point among trail riders, mountain bikers, bike polo players, among others.  Since a lot of technical tricks can be avoided by simply walking the bike over a log or a stream, refraining from dabbing a foot encourages pure cycling and the attempt to negotiate obstacles by technical feats such as hopping or holding a track stand.  Sometimes called a "foot down."

Dutch oven:
Farting under the blanket then lifting it up trapping your significant other under the covers

duck butter:
The combination of sweat from the ballsac and anus that creates a buttery film on the grundle and butthole. occuring usually from an  unwashed scrotum creating a smelly odor that worsens in thickness and odor by the minute. Also known as DB or Deeb.

donut:
An individual whom is extremely stupid. Lacks intelligence and common sense.

december:
national give ur girl a hoodie month. this is because it’s really fucking cold in december and ur girl really wants a fucking hoodie. so just give it to her.

Deku:
A Wholesome Cinnamon Roll

Dean:
the most amazing person alive with a huge penis 

Dookie:
See: poop

Dane Cook:
The Gallagher of our generation.  Dane Cook is a "comedian" that everyone seems to love despite his extreme mediocrity.  His amazing lack of jokes combined with his ability to run around the stage like a five-year-old without his meds appeals to anyone without a soul or any knowledge of comedy. His trite and obvious observations contain no punchlines and often appeal to people with short attention spans.      

Dap:
Slapping palms as a form of greeting a friend and then holding their hand as you pull your fingers back until it makes a snapping sound.

Dawson:
A Dawson is a perfect person. His laugh,his smile, his voice ,his eyes. He can make you fall in love just by looking in your eyes . His amazing words can't even explain how perfect he is.

dirty:
horny, sexually exciting, explicit

Depressed:
When you don't understand anything. When Life seems hopeless, pointless, and exhausting. You want to punish yourself. You feel helpless. No one understands. You just want to end everything, and go to sleep and never wake up. You hate. Yourself. Your friends. Your family. You hate with you everything. Your eyes become empty, and people don't care. They don't listen. 

David Bowie:
 One of the greatest rockers of all time, who is constantly changing his appearance. A very influential rock legend who created the alter Ego Ziggy Stardust, and has shaped rock music through out his career.

douche nozzle:
1) The underappreciated apparatus of the Douche that actually does the stinky work. Attached to the Douche Bag.2) A male who acts and looks like an utter jackass.  Someone who transcends common insults to the point that simply calling him a "jackass" or "douchebag" will no longer do.  Much more offensive than simply calling someone a douchebag.

Davis:
Davis is an amazing friend. You can tell him anything and he won't judge. He has a good taste in music and a great sense of humor. Davis is also very smart and understanding. He thinks he doesn't have many friends, but anyone would be lucky to have him as one.

db:
shortened form of douche-bag

Darius:
Darius is one of those people you can depend on.A Darius could be your best friend to the point that you could feel like siblings. A Darius is handsome,loving,caring,honest,and happy at most times unless aggravated.Darius is the best advice giver,a good motivator,and a very good person to to tell secrets with.Darius is truthful person who doesn’t like lies people tell.Darius will love you or hate you.Darius is not likely with friends because He cuts them off quick if they are fake.Darius is the most amazing ,charming person that you could ever meet.He will always love you no matter what y’all go through.He will always comfort you even if it’s a little awkward.When you first meet Darius he seems shy,but once you get to know him you can tell he isn’t shy at all.

D.J.:
Can be a nickname, or an acual name for someone, perferably a boy.He's an amazing person inside out. A cute, sweet, nice, smart boy. When he loves someone, he loves that person only, and doesnt share it with any other girls. He has an amazing smile, which makes you want to smile, and a laugh that makes you want to laugh along, or smile. Dont take him for granted.

dipset:
a word to be used when leaving the scene.

Dump:
taking a shit

Dutch:
A man with a plan.

Deja Vu:
Lit strip club in Norman. This is the hotspot for an avetard when he gets horny after coming back from the bars at 3 am. Everyone gets turnt up whenever Deja Vu is mentioned but the biggest avetard: "Nick" will be a bitch and not wanna go and kill the vibe. Whenever this happens, froomie will just steal his car keys and everyone will just go in his car anyways.

emo:
1) An emotional person. They are not depressed all the time and some are acually very happy at times. They do smile, they don't sit in a corner crying all day. Some are actually quite popular and laugh and joke around lots. NB: Emo does not mean the person cuts themselves, they might but that is not why they're emo. 2) A style. Quite similar from emo to emo but they try to make it quite unique. Some common features of emo's are:-wristbands/bracelets -long hair that covers their eyes-jackets/hoodies -skate shoes-skinny fit jeans-dyed hairNB: Not all emo's wear this style and just because you see someone who has one or more of the above features doesn't mean they're emo. 3) A genre of music. Some people find it depressing, but generally emo's listen to it because it describes something that has happened/happening to them perfectly. It's like the band has taken their memories and found the perfect way to describe it.NB: Just because a band isn't very popular doesn't mean it is emo and some emo music is very cheery and consoling.

Emily:
Emily is the one you think is shy; she's beautiful but doesn't know it. She is incredibly gifted, but she never brags.She is the greatest friend you could ever ask for. Emily is always there to listen and doesn't take a good friend for granted. She will always treat you well. Emily has respect for herself as well as others, and she is always thinking of others. She is the most loving person you know. Emily is forgiving, but she won't be pushed around. She is strong in her values, but she won't shove her beliefs down your throat. Emily is your favorite person. She is the one you have a million inside jokes with. She's the one you always want to be around. She's the one you laugh with every second you are together. Once you have an Emily in your life, never let her go because you'll never find one just like her.

Emma:
Emma- a girl who is beautiful inside and out. She loves unconditionally and rarely ever likes someone, but when she does she falls hard. She is gorgeous and never a flirt. If you have an Emma in your life, don't lose her.

Ethan:
He always makes you feel so special, like nothing else matters and you don't have to worry about anything. Holding his hand is the most amazing feeling in the world. Getting a hug from him makes you feel so safe and you never want him to let go. Waking up to his text in the morning makes the day a good one no matter what happens. His hair is amazing and you could stare into his eyes all day. His strength inside and out comforts you and you can tell him anything. He is perfect in your eyes and you'll never want him to change. He is the most amazing thing that will ever happen to you. I love you Ethan<3

Ella:
Usually brunette with gorgeous eyes. She is a loyal friend and will always be there for you no matter what. Can be insecure, but to others see that she is beautiful inside and out. Empathy is like her with sense, and she has such a huge heart. Ella has a very bubbly personality and you can often spot her singing or dancing around. She has a very vivid imagination and likes to dream big, sometimes her mind wanders and she becomes absorbed in her own little fantasy world. She has a good sense of humour and can make you smile even on your worst days. Makes sure you are there for her the way she is for you, and even if she tries to push you away, don't you ever give up on her. Anyone would be lucky to have someone like her in their life.Keep dreaming love xx

Eric:
Usually a shy guy. But under all that shyness, he's got an amazing personality. He's sweet, funny, and makes you feel special. Always fun to talk to and knows how to make your day. His smile is to-die-for and you'll probably get lost in his eyes. Eric. Even the name is cute. If you've got an Eric in your life, he's a keeper, and totally not worth losing. He might have some flaws and makes mistakes, but he's still worth it all.

Ellie:
Amazing friend so amiable and awesome! Everyone needs an Ellie! She is very kickass and protective of her friends! You'll love her if you get on her good side. Don't try to put her down because only YOU will end up on the floor! So empathetic! Any guy would be lucky to have her!

Erin:
Erin’s are the most adorable people you will ever meet. They have a smile that will light up the room and will always laugh at everything even if it isn’t funny. She crazy and hella weird, but a good weird. They tend to have brown hair and brown eyes. A killer body, and a funny sense of humour. But Erin’s tend to have a really bad self esteem and always worry about what others think of herself. She often hinds her sadness with her big smile and laugh. She’s such a polite girl who will always look out for her family and friends, she will always put others before herself. If you ever meet a Erin, remind her everyday that she is amazing, because they are. They are very creative and absolutely love food, they will eat your house out of food. I’m not exaggerating, I’m being serious. Honestly the sweetest person you’ll ever meet. Erin’s neutral faces always look angry and mean, but when seeing her eyes light up and when she smiles, it’s something else. Befriend a Erin!

Eminem:
Eminem- A legendary rapper from Detroit who raps from the heart. He is also a well respected rapper for being the first white man to get involved with hip hop, the stereotypical music for African Americans.

emo kid:
A social classification that has been bastardized by scenesters, rich preps, and wannabe goths united. A true emo kid does not label him/herself as being "emo"...often this label is foisted on him or her against the alleged emo kid's will. True emo kids listen to whatever the hell music they feel like, and it is often poetic or expressive. Emo is not a clothing style, cutting your wrists, or being a frequent buyer at Hot Topic. Those who call themselves "emo" are most likely just trying to be "scene" and have really screwed up the genre through wearing generic, borderline gothic clothing that all their sad little friends wear.

Evan:
One who is smart, intelligent, funny, amazing, and incredibly cute. The guy all guys want to be, and all girls want. He's honest, truthful, loyal, and just generally a good human being. If you have an Evan in you're life, don't let him go. He's the best person who will ever come into your life and will definitely make in impact for the better.

Edward Cullen:
A psycho who goes into girls bedrooms to watch them sleep. May or may not sparkle.

Eva:
Eva is a girl you will want to hold close forever. She is a kind and caring person who needs to be around people which is not a problem for she can talk to basically anything or anyone for hours on end. Eva has sophisticated light brown hair which fits her personality quite well. She is into trends, but also stand out of the crowd. No matter where she is, she is noticed, and likes it that way. Modest, but also speak her mind in a way that others can't. She noticed when your down and always brings you back up.

Encyclopedia Dramatica:
Where facts die, and stereotypes lie.

Elizabeth:
The most beautiful spectacular, gorgeous, cute, incredible, breathtaking, wonderful, pretty, adorable, and most importantly cutifulazing girl ever.There isn't a person in the world that doesn't enjoy talking to her. she is nice yet very honest. She will tell it like it is. Very inellegent and active. She takes every word she says into great thought. She Makes everyone laugh but sometimes they are laughing at her. She is very careful with her actions but approaches them in a careless manner. She is extermely talented. Loves her close friends and family so much she would lay her life down for them. And when she sets her mind to something there is no going back. She is confident in her skin and has self respect for herself which makes guys admire her even more. She would never let a guy get in the way of her education. She is strong and able to live with no man. She is headstrong, and good with tools. As for guys they all love her but none have the courage to ask her out. she always sets her mind on one guy and that one guy only and she will stop at nothing to make her hers. She is sucessful in anything she does and does it with pride. in the end she is a beautiful, smart, sweet, determined girl that everyone is friends with.

Eli:
The one who makes you feel like the happiest person in the world. He has all the right things to say, and when he runs out, even his smile is enough to get you by. He's sweet, funny, attractive, protective, caring, smart, amazing, and well spoken. . .Especially when he says "I love you."

Elijah:
Elijah is a person that will never give up on anything or anyone unless you cross him and if you do he will beat your ass if he can. He is the sweetest person you will ever meat. If you are one of the girls he likes you are the luckiest girl alive. Elijah will do what ever it takes to be with you. He can also get mean sometimes and be annoying but he dose it because he truly loves you or has a crush on you. When ever you don't feel safe he will do what ever it takes to make sure you are. And if you are one of the girls that's in his arms you will never want to get out. Elijah will always be there for you but when he is by himself he is really depressed. After all you will never want to let go of Elijah.

Erica:
A female who is very helpful and strong; caring about others and great at listening and giving advice; extremely understanding, compassionate, intelligent, and comforting to be around; making a great friend and having an incredible sense of humor.

Evie:
Evie is one of those girls that you won’t regret knowing. She’s known to be kind and to always put others before herself and is very caring. When it comes to relationships, if she really loves you, she can will probably want to FaceTime you all the time no matter what she’s doing and how much more difficult it could make the situation just to sit and talk to you. Evie is a beautiful girl, can be shy, or the complete opposite. She can be weird and energetic and usually had a lot of friends for that. She gives good advice and loves small talk at 2 am. She loves love looking back at her nostalgic memories and that’s what makes her happiest. She has an amazing taste in music, and her playlist can blow your mind. If you know an Evie, don’t let her go. She is smart, goofy, and all the qualities to a great relationship.

England:
city

ebay:
a place where you can buy a 30 dollar toaster for a dollar and pay 29$ shipping

Edward:
Edward is someone who will come into your life unexpected, & someone you can never regret in meeting. He has a great sense of humor, full of sarcasm, charming, smart, corny, but most of all hard-headed. Though that's what makes him who he is, & he makes a great boyfriend too.Ed, Eddie , Eddie Bear, either way I love you ;) love tots

elena:
elena is one of the most cutest,hottest and prettiest girls you’ll ever meet.sure she might eat and cry a lot but she’s a fucking queen.

Eugene:
BioEugene is a cringe worthy individual mostly known for his white knight activities where he tries to get female approval at expense of his own dignity also known for his school shooting activities his failed woman hunting missions and most notably for being weird and too nice to woman. Eugenes are physically weak and can't stand up for themselves so they wil usually go to the gym and try to befriend a Alpha Male in order to try and look cool to females but this mostly results in them failing. Eugenes will mostly get bullied and taken advantage of for being dumb. stay away cause sooner or later eugenes will try to get the master prestige rankAppearancecan usually be found wearing a fedora they also wear glasses, cheap clothes and expensive big shoes that look lame. Eugenes will also have a fucked haircutClassification LevelBeyond Beta MaleKnown Mission's*Kiss close accomplished*Mating Season failed*Fadora Song accomplished*Getting her Phone number failed*School Shootings accomplished/failed*Kidnapping Birdman failed*Help her Pay collage accomplished*Help her buy shoes accomplished*Egirls donations accomplishedRules*When Eugene reaches into his backpack you know it's time to run.*Never interact with a eugene.*Never befriend or have a connection with a eugene even if you feel bad for them.*Just leave them be cause if bothered they might add you to the listResearch done by Dr Apex

E:
When u can’t think of anything to say or respond just say e

Eargasm:
1. Noun. The Euphoric sensation you get from hearing amazing music. Can also be used to describe the feeling you get from hearing a sexy/awesome voice.2. Verb. To have an intense emotional reaction to a piece of music.

Eden:
The most amazing person ever inside out. When she walks in she lights up the room. Everyone would be lucky to be her friend. She always has a smile on her face even when life is hard. She has been through alot.There is no words to describe her and what she means to someone. Any guy would be lucky to marry her. She is my angel.

EVIL:
E- everyV- villainI- isL- lemons 

Egg:
An egg is a New Zealand slang word for someone who is acting like a dumbass, clown or an idiot. However it is used as a nicer way of saying such things. A recent Kiwi movie called "Boy" uses this word several times. It also could be used instead of saying dick. "stop being a dick, bro"

epic fail:
Complete and total failure when success should have been reasonably easy to attain.

emo boy:
boys who listen to pretensious 'youve probably never heard of them' bands, dress with more care and style than most girls, read in depth books, while sipping on low fat lattes before they take their vespa home. their hair, a specail point of interest is usually styled to look unkempt, jet black, wooshed over to the side. they are generally tall and thin. they appreciate the arts. they KNOW just how much cooler than the rest of us they are

Earth:
A planet-shaped insane asylum, containing mostly insects.

Evelyn:
a girl, usually very quiet at times but loud at other times. she can be very pretty, but doesn't believe it herself. she often feels lost in her life. she doesn't think she belongs, but acts happy. she tries very hard to her idea of perfect, but never really thinks she is it. she wants to find love. she can fall very hard, very fast. and she gets hurt. but she will stick with one person for very long, because she doesn't fall for just ANYBODY. she is not someone that should be used, even if they have been before. she loses hope if one bad thing happens. she can be, and is, an amazing, wonderful, caring girlfriend. she is just overall an amazing person, who usually deserves more than what she gets. But she comes with an attitude. Mess with her and you will end up crying.Evelyn's are faithful girls, You'd be lucky to even be bestfriends with an evelyn!Evelyn's are the nicest girls you'll ever meet. She'd always go out of her way to do kind things for others. If you ever date an evelyn, i'm warning you, don't let her go. ever. Shes intelligent and laid back, she loves to have fun and gives amazing advice. You can trust them no matter what, she is the most caring, kind, loving, hard working, bubbly point is evelyn's have the best personality. she goes through alot of bullshit, but manages to hide it all.

Eazy E:
Born Eric Wright. Eazy E was born in Compton on September 7, 1963. A former drug pusher and 10th grade dropout Eazy puts his stuff together with Ice Cube and Dr Dre to make "Boyz n the Hood'. Eric W. meets J Heller and together they form Ruthless Records.With a new label and Dre, Ice Cube, Dj YElla,Eazy E, and MC Ren, the West Coast gangsta rap group N.W.A releases Straight Outta Compton a controversial album of ghetto LA life. The group releases the single "Fuck tha Police" which leads to the FBI sending a warning letter to Ruthless. Eazy released 'Eazy duz it' his only complete solo album in 88. Ice Cubes leaves NWA which leads to Dr. Dre also leaving NWA. Eazy's career was in trouble now, with Dre gone no one could produce the beats. This lead to Ruthless spirlaing downward. In desperation Eazy signs Bone Thugs n Harmony, which becomes a huge group.Eazy releases tracks once in a while, but in mid March of 95 Eazy finds out he has AIDS and 10 days later he dies of AIDS related lung illness. RIP EAZY 63-95

erik:
erik

Epic:
Adam sandler bursts into the room wearing a "like a boss" tee shirt. he makes a fart joke then stairs directly into your eyes for a few seconds before he dabs and screams "wubalubadubdub" and "pickle rick" at the top of his lungs and runs out at the speed of sound.

Eddie:
Sweetest guy around. Edward is an Old English name given to those who are very lucky. It is comes from Old English words 'ead' meaning 'happy' or 'prosperous' and 'weard' meaning 'guard'. Those named after Eddie often have a large penis and a love for sex. Eddie's are extremely nice guys, are incredibly attractive for not only physical appearance but also their great sense of humour, they thrive on making others laugh and are very intelligent however having such a laid back attitude is their down fall. Eddie's worst trait is letting jealously getting the better of him, if something's his, he doesn't want to share. Sometimes protective and Eddie is the perfect guy every girl wants to date for his amazing personality, good looks and charm, he'll treat a girl nice and falls for those who have an insane sense of humour. He likes to please he girl in every way, you couldn't find a better guy to date. Surrounded by friends, an Eddie is a one in a million.

ebonics:
African American Vernacular English (AAVE), also called African American English, Black English, Black Vernacular, or Black English Vernacular (BEV), is a type variety (dialect, ethnolect and sociolect) of the American English language. It is known colloquially as Ebonics (a portmanteau of "ebony" and "phonics"). With pronunciation that in some respects is common to Southern American English, the variety is spoken by many blacks in the United States. AAVE shares many characteristics with various Creole English dialects spoken by blacks in much of the world. AAVE also has pronunciation, grammatical structures, and vocabulary in common with various West African languages. Ebonics is not merely just the use of urban or "slang" words, but rather it is the manipulation and transformation of the English language (ie, In the sentence "I want to have sex with a chickenhead", a slang word is used, but the speaker is not using ebonics.)

eh:
An interjection popular in Canadian speech. According to linguists, a "politeness marker."  Adding "eh" to a sentence can indicate the speaker's willingness to accept dissent or to invite further discussion. Has been referred to as an "articulated question mark." The interpretation of "eh" as carrying meaning beyond other routine interjections (huh?) is supposed to be uniquely Canadian. "Ascertaining the comprehension, continued interest, agreement, etc., of the person or persons addressed" is how the Canadian Oxford Dictionary puts it.

EA:
Purchase the ‘Urban Dictionary’ DLC to proceed - £17.99

Ellis:
Ellis is a person with a funny personality and would be a great friend. Anybody would be lucky to have an Ellis. Also, he's sportive and will cheer you up when your feeling down!

Elias:
EliasA term used to describe the most amazing and one of a kind person you will ever meet. An elias is sweet, caring, honest, very funny, loving, lovable, adorable, trustworthy, understanding, kind, talented, intelligent and just plain perfect.Elias's are the best at everything they do. He is that one guy that will make you feel beautiful on the inside and out, just the same way he is. He doesn't have a single hate bone in his body, and he's very positive and always tries to look on the bright side.He is not afraid to speak what is on his mind, he is very social, out going and knows how to have a good time. He is very fun to talk to and always keeps the conversation going.Elias is used when a person is very loyal and trustworthy, you can always trust an elias. He listens to you and will try to help with anything he can because thats just the kind of person he is.He is charming and very handsome. Elias's have girls chasing them all the time. Elias is when a man has no main feature because of how attractive he is.He can be sensitive and romantic but has a very strong and independant personality all in all.Beyond Perfect, is the word to describe an eli/ eliasy/ elias.You're a very very lucky person if you know a person who is described or named elias. And you're the luckiest girl in the world if he turns out as the love of your life.Its hard not to love elias. <3

Edgar:
He's a great person with a lot of anger, but once you get to know him he is a great friend, brother, cousin and Uncle. He could be really confusing sometimes. He always brings the joy to your day and puts a smile on every face. He is also known as a trouble maker most of the time, but he always got your back no matter what.

Erika:
is a beautiful and sophisticated lady. She is an amazing person who cares for you. She loves you with all her heart and cares for you so much you can't even begin to imagine. Whenever you feel down you can count on her because she will always be there for you and make you feel better. She is the light of the world. She is positive and funny and loving and the greatest sister you could ever wish for. If you ever are so lucky to get an Erika in your life hold on to her and never let her go.

Elliot:
Elliot is a true master at caring. He teaches how to love and be loved. A man of honour a man of steal. He's as handsome as a Greek God, as strong as diamond, as compassionate as a saint and is as gentle as a father's touch. Elliot possesses a magic within to create a vision in the eyes of all, leaving them stunned at how brilliant and perfect Elliot truly is. A leader, a spirit lifter, a lover, a giver, an Elliot'll leave you speechless with his being, his essence.Life isn't complete without an Elliot. Once you meet him, he will take your concerns away and replace them with peace, tranquility and love. This is the magic that is he. An Elliot brings out the best in everything and everyone he touches, and makes the world simply a better place to be.An Elliot will render your dark days with light,An Elliot will give a selfless comfort to make all thingsbright.He will bring the moon to where the sun lies.In a heart beat he can turn a sunset into a sun rise.An Elliot is someone who gives the gift of love,and from that day onwards he will be your all, beyond and above.An Elliot will give a strength a hope,Taking your hand and helping all cope.An inspiration a museOnce Elliot touches a heart, it can't ever refuse.An Elliot is to create a phenomenon in which a delicate blend of awesomeness, love, compassion, humility, inner an outer beauty, charisma, charity, strength, passion, security and wonder merge to create the amazement that he will forever be

English:
A language Samuel L. Jackson speaks.

Eliza:
Eliza. Damn this girl is one of a kind. there's no doubt if you meet an Eliza you will be star struck from first sight. Even though she will often deny it. Eliza is a beautiful, funny, amazing and SOLID person on her base level with so many new interesting and amazing things coming to light when you get to know her. She can be self conscious and stubborn at the worst of times but when you really need her she's always a phone call away. She will gladly sit and listen to musicals whilst it rains and will never leave your side no matter what. Her eyes are amazing, her voice is amazing, the way she looks at you when you fuck up is amazing and no matter what you do, do not let this go unnoticed as you will be sure to realize the value of her company within the first moments of meeting her.

Eve:
Eve is the best person you will ever meet, and she will be your best friend for ever. You are really lucky if you have a Eve as a girlfriend sister family member or even bestie.Eve will always be there to be your supporter and will give you the best hugs. When Eve leaves for a new school or anything else you wont find anyone like her.If you are planning a sleepover or a party and you know a Eve she would be the first person you would invite,And she is so funny.Treat your Eve well she will never come back if you lose her!!

Esther:
Esther is a sweet and charming girl never gets boring always having fun. She is the type of person you would want to spend a lifetime with. She can be insecure at times all those insecurities wont matter to the love of her life. All around esther is a shy person who is uncomfortable around new people but once you get to know her she is really fun and out going. Esther is just amazing!!!

egirl:
definition 1:egirls are usually girls who play games online and can be found on either twitter or discord, they send nudes/ thirst traps or even sell them. They can also be found on twitch, the difference between a normal girl who plays video games and an egirl is that an egirl begs for money or sells herself for it.definition 2a new species of egirls found on tiktok have risen up. These girls are usually teenagers and think they’re edgy. They wear long sleeves undef short sleeves, sometimes their outfits don’t match but hey if it goes with the egirl “aesthetic” then..they usually wear vans, beanies, chains etc. Tiktok egirls are NOT the same as the egirls mentioned above

edgy:
something or someone trying too hard to be cool, almost to a point where it's cringe worthy.

Elle:
Elle is a kind and caring person who will stay strong throughout everything, she is absolutely stunning and will always want to help. She always listens to you and, while she's forgetful, she will always remember the important stuff. Elle is someone who you should never lose and someone who will support you no matter what. She is forgetful and never seems to answer her phone so contacting can be difficult but when she does finally reply it is worth the wait. Elle is amazing, never let her go

explosive diarrhea:
Noun. Casually referred to by some as a "toilet tempest"; however, this is no casual matter.It is a serious condition that generally originates from the ingestion of Thai food that has not received an "A" on its recent health inspection examination. The first signs of the condition (i.e. flatulence to an instant need of new trousers) usually appear within 30 seconds to 6 hours after initial ingestion. Leave the premises in a hurry and find the nearest restroom. Sit down on the throne and push right through the initial traffic-jam. Think about popping the cork off a bottle of wine, it should soon start to flow. Like a storm. The term "toilet tempest" is derived thereof.After a fierce, epic battle with the tempest, the wine bottle is finally empty. Now proceed to use up a whole roll of Charmin® Ultra Soft, even with the 25% bonus amount that you get when you buy a Costco pack. In the end, your anus will be (at least) chapped and bleeding, so you decide to leave a few squares of toilet paper in your underwear to soak up excess blood.Well, upon trying to flush the toilet, you find that it has been clogged about 20 times over. Without your own plunger, you wash your hands (3 times) and leave the restroom. On the way out, you tell the janitor that there is a "surprise" waiting for him (of which he's already aware due to the stench that is peeling the paint off the walls). Finally, you go and find your friends and try to forget about the horrors that you've just experienced.

Eat out:
My technique(i am a female and have used this on many females and it always gets them to orgasm)start kissing her softly then turn it into a make out session but again move slowly, you are trying to build her up and get her wet. take off her shirt and lay her down. now start kissing her neck and remove her bra as you do this. suck on her nipples a little then move down towards her belly.continue kissing. remove what ever she is wearing as bottoms and then her underwear(SLOWLY be sexy get her to want it BAD!)spread her legs and start kissing the inside of her thighs now kiss the top of her pussy(not in it just yet) now lick her clit, as you do this lick the inside of her vagina and her clit and around it do this for a while hell ask her what she likes. insert one finger into the vagina while you lick her clit(she should moan a little)(if she is a virgin she might make a noise like she's in pain so ask her if she likes it) contrary to popular belief NOT ALL FEMALES WANT YOU TO SHOVE ALL YOUR FINGERS IN THERE!!!!!!! some dont even like it when you put two in there especially if she is a virgin you DO NOT want her to feel pain, just pleasure so make sure you know her limits(if she is a virgin she will be tight so it would hurt alot if you stick more than one finger in) when she starts to tremble lick her clit with a flat hard tongue she should tremble or like spasm, continue this, keep it going she will love you for it!

Ellen:
A gorgeous girl who would never admit it. She has extremely low self esteem, and will often beat herself up about being an asshole. Ellen's been through a lot in her life, and she's been hardened because of it. She has trouble letting things go. She may seem tough on the outside but she always has her soft spots for those special people. Ellen will love you unconditionally, and is always loyal. She'd give her two front teeth for you. Ellen's are typically hilarious, they always know how to cheer you up. They don't care what others think of them, and are comfortable talking about ANYTHING with you. Hold on to this girl.

Emilia:
Emilia is the type of person who cares about people unconditionally. She loves with all her heart and soul. Emilia is strong in every way possible, she uses her voice to stand for what is right, and she doesn’t take no for an answer. She will make you laugh the hardest, smile the wisest and love with everything you have. Emilia can be both an introvert and extrovert so you must care with her in different styles. She has the best style, so you will always be stealing her clothes. Keep Emilia with you through life, she will always be there to listen or dance around when a boy breaks your heart, but all in all she will always give you the best advice. She kicks ass in every way possible, because she is just that cool! That’s why you love her.

Ecstasy:
This is Ecstasy:This profound love, this sudden mind rush that has you absolutely floored. You "open" your eyes and look around, surrounded by friends you love, who love you back, you feel your heart open to the most infinite, deepest love you could possibly imagine. The kind of love you feel when your mom is sick and you are taking care of her x100. It is so pure and unhindered by your own personal problems. Your barriers go with it. You can say things shamelessly that you would have previously blushed to even privately think about. And previously what might have been met with scorn is met with another's infinite love.The happiest and most free you've ever felt times 100.non-judgmentaleuphoriaa warm feeling all over. Touch is so innately sensitive that just the smallest touch feels absolutely amazing.I tell everyone I love them and I mean it with every fiber of my being at that point in time. E is the human race without the primal, darwinian, negative emotions that bog us down. E is indescribable,E is to be experienced, E is unreal. The feeling of E is utopia.Ecstasy is currently being tested for use with PTSD and other emotional traumas. Before it was illegal it was used in marriage counseling. What makes you feel so loving and comfortable with everyone is the hormone oxytocin.If you're feeling crappy after taking E, it's most likely from the immense stress ecstasy puts on your body and adrenals. It's not brain damage, it's your body.

engineer:
"To the engineer, all matter in the universe can be placed into one of two categories: (1) things that need to be fixed, and (2) things that will need to be fixed after you've had a few minutes to play with them. Engineers like to solve problems. If there are no problems handily available, they will create their own problems. Normal people don't understand this concept; they believe that if it ain't broke, don't fix it. Engineers believe that if it ain't broke, it doesn't have enough features yet." - Scott Adams, The Dilbert Principle

eboy:
A boy that probably skates, has his nails painted w rings, wears beanies, maybe has a cute egirl girlfriend, always wearing vans and long sleeves or hoodies under tshirts, their hair is sometimes parted down the middle. They basically only exist on the internet unfortunately but we can still appreciate them on instagram:(

Eleanor:
Eleanor, a normally short girl, usually laughs a lot, and hates being the center of attention. The word Eleanor is a Greek name meaning light. Eleanor’s are usually beautiful, bright and bubbly.Eleanor’s usually get a lot of attention for their beautiful hair colour and eye colour. Eleanor’s usually get crushed on because of the fact they are oblivious and think no guys like them.

Entanglement:
a romantic or sexual relationship between two people, especially one that is outside marriage; affair

e tard:
Someone whose brain is fried from taking too much E.

Editors:
(noun, plural)a ragtag menagerie of losers, basement internet trolls, idiots, clowns, apes and dinosaurs entrusted by Urban Dictionary with the task of approving new words (a very ill-advised decision by Urban Dictionary in itself). Unsurprisingly, they botch jobs, often failed to abide by the guidelines, and some of them even became petty tyrants on a power trip, who reject every new word definitions, legitimate or not, to sate their personal revenge on society for the fact that they are losers, basement trolls, apes and dinosaurs who have no life.

elmo:
Red Grover.  Laughs when tickled unless batteries are dead.

ex:
a former boyfriend, girlfriend, husband, wife, or even friend.

elisa:
The cutest, funniest , most kind and loving person out there. This person is beautiful in every way and form.

E-M-S:
Erratic Memory Service

Erick:
The name Erick means "ever-ruler" or "ruler of the people". He is a Intelligent,kind and extremely hilarious species. Often with dark sparkling eyes and black hair. Erick is the most hilarious person you’ll ever meet, he will make you laugh even if your in the saddest mood ever cause he doesn’t like seeing people sad. Everyone loves Erick.

Eduardo:
Eduardo is a great guy . He’ll always be there for you and yes , he may have his flaws where he plays games over you but he still will always keep you in mind and loves you . Eduardo is a great guy in general , he’ll try to help you to the best of his abilities. He’s very loyal when it comes to relationships, he’s a bit shy but that’s what makes him so adorable . His sense of humor is to die for . His clothing style is idgaf , which is comfy . His hair style is always great and brings out his smile . An Eduardo is great .

Ezra:
If you ever come across an Ez, you are a lucky person. He is tall and skinny and his hair is always messy. He is a little shy at first but after he gets comfortable, he can't stop talking. He is an easy person to talk to and his advice is very good. He is natural at most sports. He likes to be cocky to hide his insecurities. He's like an egg, he has a hard shell with a soft inside that once you crack open, the yolk spills out. His dance moves are pretty abstract and he can make any person smile with the slightest words. Ezra is kind of physically attractive but his personality is completely lovable. ❤

emu:
a leet ass bird renowned for stalking japanese tourists in the australian highlands.Also well known for bitch smacking those emu-wannabe ostriches and amercan tourists that think all australians wrestle crocodiles and have a pet kangaroo.

Ear Rape:
Ear Rape is a term used to define distorted or very loud sound clips or songs that pop out on youtube or flash videos, generally screamers, youtube poops or montage parodies, even it is generally being included as jumpscare on screamers, it can be also intended to be annoying or ear damaging.

Eurotrash:
A human sub-phylum characterized by its apparent affluence, worldliness, social affectation and addiction to fashion.  Males are characterized by a semi-slovenly appearance (including half-shaven faces), greasy hair, rib-hugging shirts, tight jeans and loafers worn without socks.  Women are easily distinguished by anorexia, over-bleached hair, gaudy jewelry, plastic surgery (particularly breast-enlargement) and their attachment to the male species.  Both sexes greet each other with “air kisses,” immediately speak of their last trip (often Paris, Rome, Majorca), spend hours at “see-and-be-seen” restaurants and exhibit a world-weariness and pained sense of irony.

ex boyfriend:
a guy you once dated, but now either:a. want dead b. are "friends" with c. hook up with every once in a while ord. have erased all traces that they ever existed in your life.

extra:
over the top excessive, dramatic behavior way too much

Eddy:
Verb: Bending/Crashing/Destroying a motor car by attempting a basic manouver such as going round a corner on a country lane

emmanuel:
The best guy friend you could ever ask for. He will always be by your side no matter whats going on y'all have your ups and downs but you couldn't be any happier without him. He may seem quiet and shy at first but once you get to know him be prepared to never stop laughing or smiling. If you ever get the chance to date an Emmanuel do it you think you liked him then wait till you simply hold hands i swear to you, you'll feel a fucking zoo in your god damn stomach. He's not very tall but sure as hell funny and smart and there is no better then him. He's there to help you even if he doesn't act like it. Never miss the chance to meet an Emmanuel.

Erection:
Erection an Erection happens when you play with your dick for a loooong time in the bathroom with the show on so your parents don’t hear you.Erection This type of erection happens when you see a HOT GIRLErection it happens when you (Henry) sees the boy in your class (Jasper) looking at you

Emerson:
Emerson is a guy with super skilled abilities. He can chop a block of wood by giving it the death stare. A Emerson is a word to describe the most handsome child a man could ever wish to have the luck of being given. Emerson are those totally awesome guys you wish to meet in yourlifetime.

Emmy:
Emmy is a very nice girl. She has self respect. Has brown eyes, dark brown hair, and a big o'booty. She's funny. She's very loyal to all her friends especially to her boyfriend. She's the type of girl you wouldn't want to mess with. Emmy can kill a bitch for the ones she loves. She's chill to talk to and has a great sense of humor. Her boyfriend is lucky to have her in his life. She is athletic. She's crazy, optimistic and gorgeous.

Eshay:
Usually white skinny males who like to think they are " Roadmen" or "Gangsters".Usually walk around in polo shirts or puffer jackets, baggy shorts or tracksuit pants, Nike TNs or ankther type of air force shoe and usually wear brands such as Nautica, Ralph Lauren, Nike, Tommy Hilfiger, Adidas etc. Usually poor as fuck and waste there center link payment on weed or pingas.

ese:
Bascially the same thing as "nigga" but instead it's structured for mexicans. Avetards and some intellectuals like to refer to an ese and an essay as the same thing because it's pretty fun.

education:
Everyday, millions of children march to school with drudgery and resistance. As young children, they go in open-hearted and free -- at night, they imagine that their tiny hands can reach up and touch the birds. The entire world is a new place and the fascination of beauty never subsides. But as older adolescents leaving their high school, they go close-minded and bondaged -- at night, they drink themselves into passing out and talk about the most popular thing to come, under obligation. The boys worry about their sexual conquests. The girls worry about their sexual appearance. Both worry about being social in a society that has made a weakness of kindness and an insult of emotion. Such a great change occurs between those who enter school and those who leave it. Just think of the sheer idiocy of compulsary education. We threaten these children with imprisonment if they do not appear in class. Once in class, they spend their time either sleeping or completing tasks that are completely irrelevant to them. By giving them no option in their schooling, what have we taught them? The first lesson they learn is to detest learning, to hold unbridled sympathy for education. Take any man, put him in chains, and force him to recite poetry, or force him to play an instrument, or force him to farm the land -- and once he becomes a free man, do you think he will want to engage in that activity that was forced upon him? The scars on a slaves hands from working the fields, the memories of abuse of a house servant; given the right to do as they wish in the world, is it likely to think that they will return to that work which they were forced to do? And then consider schools. We force children to sit and overfeed them erroneous facts, faulty logic, damaged reasoning, concealed under the guise of "schooling." Once the mental faculties of these children are damaged, their heart grows an animosity towards learning, towards books, towards facts and knowledge. It is the greatest folly to make children hate learning, and the greatest danger to a real, living Democracy in any nation. Because when the Red Sox win a baseball game, five universities in the state of Massachussetts riot. But when the United States regime supports a South American dictator known for slaughtering his own people, it's a whisper lost in the wind. Our ignorance is their power. Real knowledge is acquired by learning what interests you, through reading, investigation, practice, or any other desirable method. To become intelligent, you must engage in activity with the idea that are you learning because you want to, because knowledge is a goal. The path to conformity varies greatly from this. First, you engage in nothing, but allow cultural standards and social obligations to control you. Second, the idea of learning is to memorize random, perhaps unrelated and blatant facts -- true or untrue -- so that they may be recited upon command. Third, the goal is not knowledge, but a passing grade; they learn to for the sake of knowledge, but rather for the sake of social acceptance. Take two children. Give the first freedom and liberty, give him a wealth of books and movies, give him teachers to aid him upon his request and a place that encourages art, creativity, and independence. Then take away the freedom and liberty of the second, require his presence in a classroom in front of a teacher, threaten him with a jail sentence if he does not go to his school. Give each of them ten or fifteen years, and check the development of each of them after this amount of time. The only forced to endure slavery may be able to stand in a lecture hall and he might be able to say to you, "George Washington was born in 1732 and died in 1799. In 1776, the Revolutionary War began where he acted as general. In 1783, it ended. In 1789, he was elected president a first time, and in 1792, he was elected president a second time." You are given dates and events, surely, it is true history. But take the child who was given freedom to do as he pleased, and he might be able to stand in a lecture hall and tell you, "In the sixteenth century, in Europe, a Spanish physician by the name of Michael Servetus was convicted of heresy by the Roman Catholic Church. Fleeing from his oppressors, he made it to Geneva, where the vindictive John Calvin had absolute authority. In earlier years, Servetus expressed his doubt on Calvin's protestant religion. Once captured by the authorities, Servetus was burned to death at the orders of John Calvin in 1533. They had him wear a hat of sulphur and used slow-burning wood, that the crowd could listen to screams for mercy for the duration of a half hour. One year after the death of this man, Calvin published a list of insults of his former enemy." Be a rebel. Because being a conformist means admitting that the parts of you that matter are already dead. But if that's the case, what does matter? The emotions that run rampant through our head, the thoughts that we tumble and toss over in our minds constantly -- sexual fantasies to memories of our friends and family, thoughts and ideas about our future, wishes and desires for our current life with those who are close to us. The idea of a living freedom, knowing that what you wish to do believe with your mind is unrestricted and what you wish to do with your body, so long as you harm none, is unlimited. Life matters to us because we make it matter; if we never told a lover we would miss them upon our departure for a long voyage, if we never told a family member that we dream of a time when oppression ended, if we never wrote a poem and hoped to give it to a friend whose face we haven't seen in years -- if we never cared about life, then life wouldn't matter. What matters is what we make matter. So in a few years, all the kids who graduate from high school will know that their grades never mattered, because even though so young, they already know that it won't be the grades they got that they think about upon their death bed. Twenty years ago the textbooks used in history class just began to cover some of the issues of the four hundred years of oppression of the African race in this country. Children who are forced into a school and forced to complete erroneous assignments learn only one thing: to hate education. I clearly demonstrated this truth earlier, but there is more to be learned from it. Take a slave. It could be a slave from any society, whether an African in colonial America or a Plebeian in the Roman Empire. For the entirety of their life, they labor. Their sweat, their tears, their blood, the biproducts of their toil seep into the ground and their garments. All they produce goes to the one who did not labor (and alas, our modern Capitalist system has managed to recreate these conditions). Inside every slave, there will be a growing hatred of their activity as a servant, a farmer, a manufacturer -- they will learn to hate what has been forced upon them without their consent. But inside some of them, there will be the kindling of hope for a dream. One day, they will hope to produce for themselves, knowing that what their hands reap will be what fills their stomach, and not the stomach belonging to idle hands. So, too, it is with our compulsary education. The more we are forced into schools and our minds filled with useless facts, the stronger our thirst grows for real education, for real knowledge. Few are like this, but we exist. Others simply remain politically and emotionally sedated, as the focus of their mind is the next test or the next prom, and not children enslaved in southeast asia or the meaning of life. To every student who must endure the excuse of an education system that we have, I can only offer these words of hope... Educate yourself, not with school teachers, but with the books they wanted to ban. Teach yourself, learn, grow, and develop. Learn that the greatest asset education can offer is that of independence. "If the teacher happens to be a man of sense, it must be an unpleasant thing to him to be conscious, while he is lecturing his students, that he is either speaking or reading nonsense, or what is very little better than nonsense. ... "The discipline of colleges and universities is in general contrived, not for the benefit of the students, but for the interest, or more properly speaking, for the ease of the masters. Its object is, in all cases, to maintain the authority of the master, and whether he neglects or performs his duty, to oblige the students in all cases to behave to him, as if he performed it with the greatest diligence and ability. It seems to presume perfect wisdom and virtue in the one order, and the greatest weakness and folly in the other." -- Adam Smith, The Wealth of Nations, Book 5, Chapter I, Part 3, Article II. Life matters to us because we make it matter. Be a rebel

Enzo:
Enzo. The type of guy who is caring strong and passionate when he finds something he’s committed to. He super nice, caring and has a soft spot on the inside. He’ll take good care of you and protect you with all he’s got. Enzo is also a handsom guy if you find one he’s a keeper

Elsa:
Elsa , is the best friend you’ve been waiting for she loves to have late night talks . She can see through any secret , and is very picky on who she trusts with her friendships. Elsa is amazing and will get out of control at times , and can be al little sad too . But Elsa has a huge family and loves her closest cousin . Elsa will lift your heart once you’ve met her just don’t get on her bad side . Elsa is great love her !! Elsa is extreamly smart but needs to take time to herself sometimes to relax with her family !

essay:
useless work used to torture billions of kids in this world

Edith:
Very intelligent girl. Commonly the most beautiful girl in school. Mysterious character sometimes acts bitchy but overall its just a disguise from her true kind hearted nature. Has strange philosophies and ideas. Makes everybody's head turn as she walks by. Most likey has a cocky attitude and never gets embarassed. Suprises everyone with her knowledge and understanding since she is a natural slacker.

Ed:
Ed is short for Edward Edminton and Edvard. Eds tend to be very athletic and mature enjoying sports and music and generally being very good at both.  Eds as boyfriends are loving, sweet, great in bed, and not stingy when it comes to presents. Although eds can be hotheaded, they are also hardworking, loyal and have an amazing sense of humour making them great friends to have.   

Eloise:
Eloise is a kind,beautiful and caring girl. She is shy but brave at the same time. Eloise loves to spend time with her closest friends and cares for them more than anything else. She is sometimes misunderstood and this fustrates her. Overall, Eloise loves every living creature and tries her best in everything she does.

esketit:
An utterance by intellectuals to express their grief with the rising income inequality, as well as the general degrading of our sociopolitical rhetoric. Only people of extraordinary IQ (typically above 200) can properly use the word to it's full potential.

evanescence:
1) To disappear or vanish into a mist.2) 00's rock band from Little Rock, America. Songs include Bring Me To Life and Everbody's Fool. Sometimes called Christian Rock because they are Christians; only one song on Fallen, Torniquet, mentions God or Christ.

emilio:
his the best guy you'll ever meet.every time he sees you sad he will give it all to see you happy again.he might be shy or out going or both.he has chocolate eyes, raven swoft hair, muscular arms a great atitude, a HUGE heart, a bit chubby but super cuddly!!his the guy any girl will feel great with 'cause he knows just what to do to make you laugh till your teacher yells at you.he is too funny, cute, handsome, perfect to ignoreif anybody says otherwise they probably haven't met him.keep him till you die. he is perfect. his the best.his my Emi, and he'll always be my Emi.I <3 U!!

emilee:
a girl with not only amazing eyes, hair, body and smile she also is a very loyal friend to few people. She will strive in whatever she wants in life and many will envy her good-luck. Just be honest and truthful to her and she will be a best friend for life, emilee's hate liars and can spot them out a mile away.

Emo girl:
Who the hell wrote these definitions? Just cuz some girls like to dress a certain way and listen to a certain style of music, it doesn't instantly turn them into shallow/fake/attention-seeking. That's emo poser. Anyhow, true emo girls are usually fun, amusing people ( though to others they may appear odd). Some are quiet and reserved too, but they are always intelligent or artistic, and they love japanese cartoons and cute hairclips/bows, so much that they buy loads no matter how much they need. Emo girls who smoke/drink/do drugs/self-harm are only doing it because they feel like it, and are probably a bit messed up at the time, because that DOES HAPPEN TO PEOPLE SOMETIMES. (In fact I think the reason they dress like that in the first place is because they're trying to express the way they've felt). They are very true to themselves and won't stop doing something just because it's 'uncool'. 

Egoseismic:
Similar to egocentric, or believing that oneself has influenced the course of a storm or waves for example, egoseismic is believing that one has influenced seismic activity.

Elephant:
A random unknown mexican bitch who shows up to The Ave just to go throw neck in the avetard bathroom.

Easy:
A way to say "calm the fuck down" without getting in trouble, you little shit.......

evolution:
How your pokemon change at certain levels!

Ethan Dolan:
BOIIIII DONT EVEN GET ME STARTED ON THE PERFECTION THAT IS ETHAN DOLAN Dark, luscious hair, beautiful eyes, pretty smile, jawline has more structure than your lifeTall AF, fine AF, DADDY AFHas an obsession with small things, loves to adventure and be in natureHumor is 10/10, definitely the better twi-Ethan Dolans are intimidating the one moment and cute lil beans the next (will definitely leave you shook).Protect them at all costs because they're always there for you.Was once a famous viner but now a famous youtuberLoves to make the Dolan stans swerve lanes

eThug:
Electronic Thug 1) A person who threatens other people over the internet ( chat rooms and/or forums ) 2) Someone who thinks they can "ave" ( beat up ) anyone  on the internet Usually males aged about 12-14 :rolleyes: 

Eliana:
She lights up every room she walks into. She is stunningly beautiful, even when she doesn't wear makeup. Eliana can make someone smile for hours, and want to be her best friend. Although she may not seem like it, she is a natural leader, with everyone wanting to listen to her. Eliana has a glow of happiness around her, making anyone she knows fall in love with her smile. She is the kind of girl that you can't get your mind off of, thinking about her when you least expect it. She may appear a little shy, but Eliana is a crazy lovable person who you can't stay mad at for long.Boys think about her in the back of their mind, and girls want to be as good of a person as she is. Eliana means "god has answered us" and god has answered us through this ABSOLUTELY AMAZING person. No one can help but falling in love with an her, even when she is selfish. She has the best heart out of anyone you will ever know, trying her best to make sure everyone around her is happy. Some people may see Eliana as a wannabe, but they don't know that she just loves getting dressed up for the fun of style and makeup.

edge:
To edge is a masturbation technique (used mostly, but not exclusively by men) where you intentionally bring yourself to the brink (edge) of orgasm- but don't cum. Instead you stop and let the pleasurable feelings die down. You repeat this process of bringing yourself to the edge as many times as you wish. Although an orgasm is a 10 on the pleasure scale, the intense pleasure you feel while getting close to the edge is a 9... so by starting and stopping just before you cum you keep yourself feeling intense pleasure for as long as you wish, or until you orgasm, or your hard on goes limp. A sex partner can also edge you- usually by hand or orally.

Elisabeth:
Elisabeth is a beautiful girl who would do anything to be a good friend. She has the biggest heart in the world. You would never want to lose an elisabeth in your life. Shes one of the best person to be around. If your feeling down she would always put a smile on your face. She always wants the best for you. Elisabeth always makes you laugh and has the biggest heart. Never lose an elisabeth in your life.

Emilie:
She is the sweetest girl you will ever meet. She is humble, and her laugh is so contagious. She doesn't see much beauty in herself, but you can, definitely. And whenever you critique your looks, she'll say you're the most beautiful person I've met. She is awkward but somehow great at talking to people. A big fangirl, and you'll share that love with her. Keep her close, She deserves you.

EXO:
Gods that walk amongst us commoners. Kings of talent, trends, any color hair, invented vocals and dancing, invented winter albums, legends that will never die, on another level than any other boy group

Esme:
A girl who is really sweet and catches people's attention. A person who is very creative and a fashionista. Often a total smartass and quick to retort but knows when to stop. Totally gorgeous inside and out.

Endgame:
Pertaining to a couple you ship on a TV show that you hope ends the series together.

Ewan:
Ewan is the best thing that could ever happen to your life. He’s the only person ever in your mind. He’s sweet, he’s kind, he’s caring, he’s funny, and he’s sooooo adorable. Every time you see him your heart skips a beat. His smile makes your heart melt and lights up the whole room. His laugh is for real like the cutest thing ever. Whenever you talk he makes you laugh so hard. He’s a weirdo but you love that about him. He never fails to make you smile. He’s one of the greatest friends you could ever have and the best boyfriend everrr. You stare at him from across the room when he’s not looking because he’s adorable. His presence is basically the only thing you feel you need to get through the day and it’s so hard not to like him because he’s just so perfect. He’s your everything, your world, your missing puzzle piece, he’s the person you think of when your sad and you don’t want anything else. He’s basically your whole heart in human form and you’ll never want to let him go because he’s the greatest thing you could ever ask for.

ebony:
1. the essence of dark skin that is enriched and plentiful with melanin. greatness. beauty. love. the word derives from the dark hardwood native to southern India and Sri Lanka. often referred to by person or skin tone.2. your man's favorite porn section.

emo hair:
Normally Black or dark, longish hair that frames the face and sweeps to the side...emo boy must flip hair out of face ocasionally but not completly out, he simply wants girls to notice his hair, emo hair ranges from very greasy to clean, depends on the emo kid

Enrique:
Enrique is someone who can be very annoying at times. Yet, depite this, he can really be the person you most have been seeking to find. One of the funniest guys you’ll know, and he will make you laugh out of no where. He can sometimes be a little dirty minded, but not to an extreme level. He has one of the most unique and best features (physically). He’s very handsome and has many friends because of his loyalty to the true ones. Girls always fall for his looks. He never brags about himself, only when play around, because once again, he has THAT amazing sense of humor uppon him. One of the top boy/man anyone could ever know. (Ect.)

Emely:
The most funniest person ever she is cool funny and crazy she is the one person you would want to hangout with..

emosexual:
(Noun)A human being, usually unable to determine the sex, mainly because their hair is of medium length, and they wear make-up, male or female. Usually can be found attempting to look "punk" with handkerchiefs hanging out of their pockets and a necktie around their neck even if they are wearing a T-shirt.     They can be found listening to Emo-screamo music, which usually involves the discussion of loving someone so much that you would cut your wrists for them, IN EVERY SONG. Emos demonstrate affection by hugging everyone they see because they cannot tell if their counterparts are boys or girls.  Emos can also be found next to cigarette vending machines because every single one of them enjoys a good puff, and being around everyone that smokes makes them feel accepted.  They also enjoy spazzing out to their emo-screamo songs, and they're form of "dancing" usually looks like they are having a seizure.

eastchester:
A town in westchester where stupid closed minded guido's think they are in the mob or think that they are black(wiggers love to yell out DIPSET or G-G-G-Gunit at school), who also like to walk like penguins with their feet out. They also like to wear armani exchange and act gay. Some seriously dangerous WHITE gangs you should look out for are the "E-thugz"-sophmores now and they go around smoking cigarettes and pretending to be black. After that, you have the most hardcore gang "The Family or La Familia" which is supposed to be an italian based gang, but is run by an irish kid named Jesse. Well then, this town is full of wiggers and they do nothing and are going to live in this town for the rest of thier lives because they are pieces of shits.

Emil:
A man with an extremely large penis(12 inches)He is very confident and walks with a limp.

eiffel tower:
A threesome with two guys and a girl, where one guy is hitting it from behind, and the other guy is getting a blow job.  The guys are high-fiving over the girl to make the eiffel tower shape.

E.L.F.:
Everlasting Friends The name of the fanclub for the Korean Pop music group, Super Junior. 

Elisha:
She is a beautiful pretty girl who loves having fun and is pretty but if u annoy her she can become vicious . She chooses her friends wisely and doesn’t forgive easily . If you know and Elisha your lucky

ESPN:
Adj. Something which is incredibly overplayed and overdramatized.

eat:
1)chewing food...than swallowing it is one definition2)or basically lick someone's vagina...yuck

Ew:
Ew is literally what I say after I read every definition on this sick site.Every.Single.Definition.Some weirdo even sexualized a CAR.

Euphoria:
Euphoria is an intense feeling of happiness like cloud 9,but also BTS' new theme

eejit:
A more endearing Irish slang term for someone who acts foolishly, is a bit slow or has no sense. Not as harsh as calling someone an idiot.

Engrish:
A form of English characterized by bad translation from Japanese by someone who is decent at translating vocabulary but has a poor grasp of English grammar. Tends to be a word-by-word literal translation with humorous results for native English speakers. Engrish is most common in old video games and anime subtitles. The term "Engrish" comes from the fact that the Japanese language does not have distinct L and R sounds. They do have a consonant that is roughly somewhere in between these two sounds, but whether this translates to L or R in English depends on the situation (and therefore can be interpreted wrong.)

ego:
The part of you that defines itself as a personality, separates itself from the outside world, and considers itself (read: you) a separate entity from the rest of nature and the cosmos. Perhaps necessary for survival in some evolutionary bygone, in modern times it leads only to (albeit often disguised) misanthropic beliefs and delusion. In short, "I."

EMA:
Short for "Eat my ass."

emoji:
once a cool thing for texting, but is now utterly annoying due to the admiration of 5-10 year old kids. they all ruined them and are now being turned into a fucking movie.

esmeralda:
Is totally open with tons of people and not afraid to share her cute laughter. One of the best friends you'll ever ever ever have, and she won't as easily leave you for someone else. She is so much fun to be around and always able to make something laughable, even when it makes nm sense. She is so pretty and any guy friend she has will totally want to date her. Her personality is so lively and will have random moments when she gives you compliments, and anyone can't help but love her. Keep this one close as a bestie-- and different schools can't change the fact that your best friends, always and forever

Esteban:
An OP, bad-ass, handsome genius who can do anything he wants once working for it. He usually is kind of a loner but has a lot friends but doesn't want to have that many. He doesn't like unwanted attention or being popular. Wants to have a successful, normal, peaceful life. He hates troublesome things, and or getting involved in them unnecessarily, even when he doesn't want to. He is an introvert most of the time, but if he wants to he can be an extrovert. Hes is often depicted as a mysterious person. He has incredible abilities in which all of them are unique and very useful. He is a friendly person, and very honest when it comes to sensitive things. He's someone you can count on, but its a big mistake to manipulate him or get on his bad side. He doesn't like to be violent but will if necessary and it'l be bad for whoever has to deal with him. A perfect guy, who all the pretty girls want and can help a friend without doing all or most of the work to get a girlfriend. He usually is single but goes out with a pretty girl that is very smart and special.

Elaina:
Elaina is that girl you first meet cause she's dating your best friend and add you get to know her you realize how lucky your friend is. Elaina is sweet in any way physically possible. She never denies a favor and makes everyone she talks to feel better. She's also gorgeous beyond all levels and is everyone's dream girl. She's got the perfect hair and smile and it doesn't stop there. She's herself at all times and nothing's better than being with her. Elaina is more than what you think she'll be. She is always surprising people with her pleasantness and kindness. There arent enough words to exactly describe who Elaina is. She's one Damn good girlfriend and anyone who breaks up with her regrets it once they realized what a goddess that they have lost.

Emi:
The most amazing, fun, caring, beautiful, smart, talented person you will ever meet. She deserves to be happy and she is insecure sometimes, but she will always be there to help

envy:
One of the seven deadly sins- Envy is a feeling of grudging admiration for another's talent, integrity, personality, looks, money or happiness. Envy oftens serves as the motivation for different acts. Envy may lead one to avoid, to dislike or to insinuate the so called superior person is bad to make others think badly of them. They wish for the other person to not have whatever they are envious and go to extreme measures to prevent them from having it. If they can't get it they are satisfied with trying to destroy thier happiness through under-handed means.

Emma Chamberlain:
a girl who would pee in a urinal

Echo:
That spooky thing that your voice does when it bounces of walls.

ez:
Commonly used in games to irritate other players and Say "You guys are just way too easy"

email:
Once an efficient and fast method of communication and message transferring, now a way of harassing Internet users with spam, credit card/insurance offers, porn links, and "Increase Your Penis Size By 5 Inches" advertizements.

elliott:
Elliott is a shy guy who usually keeps his problems to him self. Weather friends or more he takes care of girls well and is a gentleman rather that a player. Elliott will be set on one in particular girl for long periods of time as he knows when he genuinely likes someone. Elliott can be delicate when it comes to girls and is easily lead on. However Elliott makes a good boyfriend as he Is dedacated to making an effort weather it be on dates, spectal occations or birthdays and he is loyal to his girlfirend and would allways treat her with respect. When hes In a relationship he treats his girlfriend like a princess and would never do anything to make her upset. He always puts his girlfriend before himself and Just wants to make her happy and will do anything to do so.

Emma Watson:
On 15/4/1990,an angel was born by the name Emma Charlotte Duerre Watson.The most amazing,cutest,admirable, adorable, alluring, angelic, appealing etc the list can go on but this site has a word limit,but really Emma Watson is the only person in the world to which all these words can be said to .Emma Watson is also a UN global goodwill ambassador for women,this is the one thing im mostly proud of Emma as she is such a good role model for all the young girls around the world.I'm so proud to say I'm a feminist.Emma I will support u always no matter wt the haters say.She always tries to do the best in wt she does.Her parents were really strong in their ethics,that's y Emma is such an adorable and extraordinary person.Emma is the most humble,loving,caring and down to earth person i've ever seen.The most impressive thing about Emma is that she didn't stop her education even though she earned a lot of worldwide fame and money,she kept on doing wt she felt was ryt and graduated with a bachelor's degree in English literature. she is so classy and her style of dressing is just amazing,all her dresses are mostly Eco friendly.That's called determination and perseverance in wt u believe in and she didn't let down her moral values,a situation in which most of the celebrities fail to keep when they earn money and fame .Emma is a true inspiration for the whole world.She is not only amazing but also keeps her word when she says something.This is wt makes me love her even more.

Eagles:
1. An excellent Rock band with many great hits, including "Hotel California" and "Life in the Fast Lane."   2. Birds which are known for slow, steady flapping of wings. 3. An NFL football team from Philadelphia.  Unfortunately, they have only made two superbowls (one of which has not been played at the time of writing this), but are currently one of the top teams in the league under the leadership of coach Andy Reid and quarterback Donovan McNabb.  They had lost three NFC championships in a row, and have since been dubbed chokers.  However, they have now made it over that hump and it seems that there are boundless oppertunities for this team.  Only time will tell if they become a legend or a choking team.

elina:
in hindi, this name means wise. This is not a common name, but it is not an extravagant one. Usually Elina is someone who is smart, kind, and very compassionate. She puts her heart and soul into everything she does, and there is never anything done subpar. She is often smarter than others her age, and as a result is sometimes confused why others can't understand her. She tends to have an interest in sports, but likes to be girly at times as well. Guys talk to her a lot, but they are scared to show their feelings for her since she is such a strong, independent person. If you meet an elina, don't let her go. She will always care for you and she is a perfect friend to have since she is dedicated to everything she does. Elina tends to be very social, and everyone knows who she is.

FORTNITE:
a popular shooter game that people in my school wont shut the fuck up about.

fuck boy:
fuck boys do whatever they want whenever they want and don't care who the screw over while doing it. They lead girls on to believe that they are special and they really care about you then they turn into horny duchebags that do whatever they can to get laid or even just a pic if there in a relationship or not. Fuck boys are shallow dickheads, warning don't fall for a fuck boy because they will screw you over. Once a fuck boy always a fuck boy.

Fuck:
An extremely flexible, magic word that exists in nearly every part of speech. It can be used as a noun, verb, adjective, and adverb.

facebook:
A website owned by the CIA used to spy on dumbasses who do all the work for "big brother". Appeals to brainwashed tools who are stupid enought to be concerned with fashion and trend and sports so getting them to fall for facebook and twitter and cellphones isn't that hard.

Fag:
A British term for cigarettes.

FUPA:
Acronym for "Fat Upper Pubic Area"; common misinterpretations include "Fat Upper Pussy Area," "Fat Upper Penile Area" and "Farting Under Pelicans Asses."  Also, often confused with FUBU, an overpriced brand of clothes that suburban caucasian adolescent males wear to impress suburban caucasian females who associate the clothing with large genetalia. Descriptive of the phenomenon common with men and women so afflicted by obesity that their pubic area is used to store patches of fatty waste.   

friend:
A friend is someone you love and who loves you, someone you respect and who respects you, someone whom you trust and who trusts you. A friend is honest and makes you want to be honest, too. A friend is loyal.A friend is someone who is happy to spend time with you doing absolutely nothing at all; someone who doesn't mind driving you on stupid errands, who will get up at midnight just because you want to go on an adventure, and who doesn’t have to talk to communicate with you.A friend is someone who not only doesn't care if you're ugly or boring, but doesn't even think about it; someone who forgives you no matter what you do, and someone who tries to help you even when they don't know how. A friend is someone who tells you if you're being stupid, but who doesn't make you feel stupid.A friend is someone who would sacrifice their life and happiness for you. A friend is someone who will come with you when you have to do boring things like watch bad recitals, go to stuffy parties, or wait in boring lobbies. You don't even think about who's talking or who's listening in a conversation with a friend.A friend is someone for whom you're willing to change your opinions. A friend is someone you look forward to seeing and who looks forward to seeing you: someone you like so much, it doesn't matter if you share interests or traits. A friend is someone you like so much, you start to like the things they like.A friend is a partner, not a leader or a follower.

Fuck tard:
One who is incredibly stupid, beyond even that of a retard.Many years ago, the average population of the fuck tard was thought to diminish over time due to the retarded fucking activities fuck tards often engage in (such as rolling a bowling ball down a slide into their testicles, potentially causing serious damage to them). However, this is not the case.Through the invention of the internet (and websites such as youtube and 4chan), the fuck tard population has skyrocketed dramatically. Seeking fame among other fuck tards, many fuck tards will upload videos of themselves doing fucktarded things.Other fuck tards may see these videos and decide to either 1.) recreate the fucktarded activity they had just seen or 2.) try to 1up the fuck tard for fuck tard street cred. The aforementioned fuck tard will also upload a video of himself engaging in whatever activity he decided upon.In turn, this has lead to a shitstorm of fucktardation, the likes of which we have never before witnessed in history.

Faggots:
Bundles of sticks. They were originally used to burn homosexuals back when being gay was illegal, which is where the slang term originated

Furries:
def. a (higher quality^opinion) subset of individuals on the internet, evolving from science fiction fans. the community is primarily focused around anthropomorphized characters.the community is primarily sfw, and is used as a form of expression, escapism, and also an outlet for individuals to relieve the stress people tend to face in life. i'd be lying if i were to say there isn't a nsfw side to the fandom, but as with everything man creates, there is a darker side to it no matter what the content is.individuals within the community express their "furrydom" by creating art, media, roleplaying, and interacting with other likeminded fandom members.furries end up being seen as an easy target, as with the internet, you can't have anything without people misinterpreting the intent of your community. people see furries as zoophiles, pedos, etc. yet thats extremely far from the truth as whenever an individual is found out to be either of the things mentioned above, they're almost immediately outed from the community.// if you've read this far and agree, good for you. if you disagree, good for you too, everyone has their own opinions!// if you dislike this definition, please scroll a bit further down and read what others have to say about the community.

Fart:
A small explosion between the legs, composed of vapourized poop particles.

Faith:
Faith is the most beautiful girl you will ever meet. She is literally so caring and will always wanna be there by your side. She will literally light up your day whenever you are sad. Everyday you wake up you will be the happiest guy in the world just knowing that she is in your life. Well basically i have been with her before and she was the best thing to ever happen to me so if she is in your life than you are extremely lucky. She will make you the happiest girl on earth and will make you never wanna forget her because of how perfect she is. She will be the most beautiful girl you will ever meet. She has the greatest personality . you will love her for the rest of your life and will probably wanna marry her.( like i did) but anyways she is just so perfect and is just the best girl in the whole world. She is just everything a guy could ever ask for. She will be so perfect for you that she will be your angel and just mean everything to you. She is a girl that will probably be your future wife so be prepared. I hope whatever guy she is with loves her as much as i did so plz treat her right.

Feminist:
Emma Watson

Feminism:
The movement which seeks to place women above men and trample men into the dirt. Feminists will tell you that their aim is to bring about equality, but equality ceased to be the aim of feminism years ago. Women are now (and have been for at least 5-10 years) given exactly the same treatment in every area of life as men. Women / Feminists now wish to take over -- far from equality.

F.O.R.D.:
Fucker Only Runs Downhill

Fall Out Boy:
The band the was sued by furries over fUcKING LLAMA SUITS

Friendzone:
A particularly aggravating metaphorical place, that people end up in when someone they are interested in only wants to be friends. It is impossible to get over someone while in the friendzone, because, as friends, you still see them too often for them to be erased from your memory, and yet, you cannot be with them the way you want.

fat:
The go-to insult. It requires little thought and is perhaps one of the most uncreative yet highly effective insults in the English language.

fish:
A drag queen term for a drag queen who looks like a real woman

Florida:
Florida is a state in the southeastern most part of the US. Its known for its beaches, crime, and smelly old people.Most people say Florida only has one season, which is ridiculous, for Florida has many seasons! There's tourist, hurricane, swimsuit, rainy, college(aka: Spring break) and snow bird season!If you're on the gulf, the best time to go to the beach is November. By far the worst time is College season, which seems to be nothing more than all the college's in the country collaborating against us poor locals, sending wave after wave of their craziest 'students' to come tear up our beaches, jam up our roads, and cause a number of drunk-driving accidents over the course of 5-6 weeks.As for the old people. There are lots of them. There are tons and tons, MASSES. The dominate every aspect of life, most respectable neighborhoods are built to accommodate those them. My neighborhood recreational center? The golf center.Driving in Florida is not dangerous, its FUN. Stop signs? Who needs them! Turning signals? They're for pussies! And speed limits? PSH! If your 60 or older, you drive at least 20 miles under the speed limit, if your 25 and younger, you drive 20 miles OVER the speed limit, and if you're a tourist you drive however slowly or quickly it takes for you to get that picture of the pelican shitting.A nice place to live sometimes, but a better place to just visit.

fangirl:
A rabid breed of human female who is obesessed with either a fictional character or an actor.  Similar to the breed of fanboy.  Fangirls congregate at anime conventions and livejournal.  Have been known to glomp, grope, and tackle when encountering said obesessions.

Frances:
If it is a girl named Frances, she will be the hottest babe you will ever meet, always smiling, really pretty, knows how to make you laugh, personality is incredible, full of surprises, very caring, always loyal, will basically be the coolest girl you meet. Rumor is she is awesome in bed and a huge flirt. Most guys will be way lucky to meet her but won't realize it until she is gone. Typically made fun of for her name but little does everyone know she has many secrets and is a total goddess.If it is a guy named Frances, you best respect this dude because he will most likely be your boss someday.

Fob:
Fresh Off the Boat

FTW:
FTW is an abbreviation used for many different meanings within different groups of people: 1. Online gamers: "for the win". 2. Bikers/Old Jailbirds: "fuck the world" or "forever two wheels". 3. Texters/Online kids: "fuck the what" which is what the fuck backwards. 4. Nazis/White Supremacists: "forever truly white". 5. Animal activists: "free the whales". 6. Stoners/Potheads: "free the weed". 7. Eastcoast/Eastsiders: "fuck the west/west side/ west coast"....an jus randomly: "fuck that whore", "forget the worst" "forget the war"....etc

Fugly:
shorter word for "fucking ugly"

fox news:
A pseudo-news channel catering to the bottom of the American right-wing extremist barrel - people who are deathly afraid of anyone and anything that's even the slightest bit different from them.  About as "fair and balanced" as the Iranian government, which it closely resembles.

Friday:
The day after Thursday and before Saturday, according to Rebecca Black. Also the most annoying day of the week now.

FML:
means Fix My Lighthouse. Back in the 17th Century, lighthouse keepers were tthe butt of everyone's jokes. When a lighthouse keeper was made fun of, his retort would be "why dont you fix my lighthouse!" which was shortened over time to FML. This term was made famous in the great battle of the Sole Bay in 1902 where 14 peolpe died and 1 person broke their glasses.

fine:
Looking good in every kind of way

Food:
The best thing that has ever happened to earth.

Frank:
A guy who has a killer smile. Daring eyes. And the sweetest heart a man could ever have. His kisses hypnotize you. His hugs make you feel safe. His presence is the best ever. He is the guy to fall in love with. To be with. He would do anything for you and your safety. No guy could ever compare. If you find one, don't let him go. He's far too worth it.

family guy:
Animated sitcom that uses pop culture references in place of jokes 

flip:
 If you flip something you make a profit out of it. Let's say you bought a 5-stick pack of gum for 25 cents and you sell every stick for 10 cents (giving you 50 cents) you just flipped the pack of gum. I heard there was a show where people flip houses. They buy some houses, fix them up then sell them for more than they paid. So I guess you could flip anything, but when I hear someone say they flipped something I'm usually thinking about narcotics.In the example, "pound" is probably a pound of chronic, cocaine, etc..

Felix:
Felix has a very warm smile and a deep voice. He's a sunshine. a Felix is a very soft person and also outgoing. The type of guy you would want to be friends with. He also have the whole universe painted on his cheeks . Felix can also flex on you his new minecraft skins. In conclusion, felix makes me happy and he's my sunshine, we'll do fortnite dance until we break our ankles.

face:
to face a blunt. to smoke a blunt of marijuana by yourself.

Fun:
Clearly something that you arent having if you're searching it on here.

Fandom:
An innocent word used for describing a cult of sleep-deprived people who obsess over one or multiple comics, books, tv shows, movies, video games, etc.(I mean this in the nicest possible way, I am a member of a number of fandoms myself.)

Fake:
Fake is a word to describe people who aren't themselves in order to gain friends and end up being more popular. They seem very nice to everyone, yet trash-talks them behind their back in order to get attention from people and make "friends" just to improve their social-status.

feminazi:
A feminazi is someone who claims to be a feminist (A person who supports Women's Rights) but actually wants women to be superior to men

fuck-face:
a insult/bad name to someone acting like a bitch

Filipino:
People who hail from a group of 7000+ islands in Southeast Asia called the Republic of the Philippines.Are considered Asians due to geographical location, yet Pacific Islanders due to cultural characteristics.Though there are MANY stereotypes such as: short, lazy, rice-lovers, flat-nosed, poor, rich, cocky, etc. Don't believe what you hear or instantly think it is the truth. Just like any other race, there are short people, tall people, dark-skinned, lighter-toned, smaller eyed, big eyed, lazy, hard-working, rich, poor, middle class. They are just like any other race when it comes to characteristics. The Filipinos in america are stereotyped as "ballers" and "gangsters". But like any other race, there are people who dress different ways! Just because a Filipino wears Nike dunks doesn't mean they all do! (Not that that's a bad thing). But, people need to STOP discriminating and hating on them, or anyone else for that matter. They're just people, and should be treated as such.Just people a lot of Filipinos are "flat nosed", doesn't mean ALL of them are. And just because a lot of them are short, again, doesn't mean ALL of them are. I'm just trying to make a point not to stereotype people. It's not nice.Filipinos have a rich culture that is very family oriented. We all love and care for one another, and have a huge amount of respect for our elders. There are a few customs and greetings that would show a sign of respect upon meeting someone, such as a "mano" which is when one holds another person's(typically elder) person's hand to their forehand. This is a sign of great respect. However, this gesture isn't often seen as much in the US, but some Filipinos still uphold that tradition. Often, if not also giving "mano", we kiss the cheek of our elder/aunt/uncle/parents upon greeting them. This is also a sign of respect that is very common, which is used more often in the States than the "mano" gesture.Filipinos often speak "Taglish", which is slang, basically meaning we mix English with our native Tagalog. This isn't because we have "broken English" or whatever. That's a lie. It's because speaking Taglish is fun and helps us understand what the other is trying to say because for example, we do not have a word for "computer." So we say "computer." Speaking Taglish also helps others who don't speak fluent English or fluent Tagalog understand what we are saying.Tagalog is NOT the only native language spoken in the Philippines. Actually, it is a descendant of many different dialects from the different regions and provinces in the Philippine islands.We love big parties with music and lots of food and socializing(sometimes even, the latest gossip). We can be a loud bunch, who know how to have fun and are proud of who we are. Many of us are hardworking(back to the stereotypes), but like any other people, a few can be lazy(I think I am in that category, lol).The Filipino people have a wide variety of dishes not found anywhere else which some people say is fattening, but so good! Yes, rice is our staple, but it's our way of protein and completing every meal. It's not a Filipino meal without it. I don't want to start another stereotype, but a common characteristic upon entering a Filipino household is being fed, and being fed well :) It is a crime to our nanays(mothers) if you leave our home hungry!Filipinos can be cheezy(this is not an insult!), but that's what makes us fun. But hey, who isn't? Everyone is a little cheezy sometimes, right? We know how to have fun, and can make the best of times.The majority of Filipinos are of the Roman Catholic Christian faith. Some, however, have broken off into smaller denominations and some of the natives in the southern parts are of Islam. However, whatever their faith, do NOT mess with a Filipino. They'll smack you with tsinelas(house slippers), so don't do it!The reason you find a lot of Filipinos in the medical field isn't because we're poor, couldn't find another job, or whatever other excuse you heard. It's cause we're DAMN GOOD at it! We are intelligent enough to brave the fields of medicine, and are compassionate enough to care for others. That's why there are a lot of Filipino doctors, RNs, and such.We aren't cocky. Just DAMN PROUD of who we are, humble, caring, yet stand firm and believe in ourselves, and our faith, just as other cultures should be. That's what makes us a great people.

Fuck You:
Fuck You░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░██████▄███▄████░░███▄░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░█░░░█░░█░░░███░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░█░░░█░░█░░░█░░█░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░█████▀░░░░▀▀████████░░░░░░

FATASS:
Someone with more chins than a Chinese phone book

fuckgirl:
a girl who engages in fuckboy behavior, generally thinks they are god's gift to the earth and use words like "thirsty" "salty" "fuckboy" and "hater"

family:
A group of people, usually of the same blood (but do not have to be), who genuinely love, trust, care about, and look out for each other. Not to be mistaken with relatives sharing the same household who hate eachother. REAL family is a bondage that cannot be broken by any means.

Football:
A name of various sportsAll of them orginaly rooting from china but the first actually established football was played very much like american football except it had little to no rules and was played on a much bigger "field" in between villagesAssociation football(soccer)- Very popular in UK and third world countries, widely played all around the world but not in north america for some reason, a sport played by kicking a ball with the goal being putting into a net(1).American football (NFL) - Popular mainly in the US but thanks to the internet growing in western and central Europe, a sport where you can either pass, rush, kick or punt the ball with the goal being scoring a touchdown (6,2),field goal(3,1) or a safety(1)Rugby football (rugby) - a sport popular in the UK and SA, predecessor to american and australian football, you can score by try/touchdown(5), penalty(3), conversion(2), drop goal(3)Australian football, Galeic football, Arena football, Flag football etc...**Many people believe that the name soccer is something the americans made up so they could call their precious sport football but it's actually what British people used to call it back in the day, and american football was also technically called just football before association football was

Finn:
OMG, the sexiest guy you will ever meet, and I mean EVER!!!. He has the most adorable laugh in the world and his smile is breathtaking. He is so hilarious you can't ignore him. he is the nicest, funniest, sweetest guy. He is sooooo friendly. He's so friendly you can't ignore him and you have to talk to him, everyone knows Finn. He's so amazing when your talking to him all you can think about is kissing him. he is popular and cool. Girls say that his a weirdo just to try and hide that they are so madly in love with them, secretly, everyone loves him.

Fap:
Another way of saying masturabtionMaybe you've heard of:Tickling the pickleChoking the chickenJackie the beanstalkFive knuckle shuffleBeating the meatApplying the handbrake Busting a nutHaving a wankMasturbatingJerkin the Gurkan Choking Charlie till he throws upTaming the snakeRubbing the genie's lampChecking for testicular cancer {GONE SEXUAL}Cocking the rifle"This is my rifle, this is my gun, this is for shooting, and this is for fun!"Waving the wandLaunching the rocketStroking JohnnyMe-timeThese acts are often followed by the clearing of ones browser history.

fuckstick:
An idiot

feet:
A device used for finding legos in the dark.

Fire:
Something that is really good, amazing, crazy(in a good way)

fidget spinner:
the only case in history where a bit of plastic and metal doomed the human race

fox:
(noun) A beautiful and attractive woman

Fail:
either an interjection used when one disapproves of something, or a verb meaning approximately the same thing as the slang form of suck.

F.U.B.A.R:
A total disaster. F*cked up beyond all recognitionF*cked up beyond all repair

fudge packer:
1) Someone who indulges in anal sex, normally a gay male, but not always so.2) A machine used by Cadbury's to put bars of Fudge into boxes for distribution3) The opperator of the above machine.

Fanboy:
An extreme fan or follower of a particular medium or concept, whether it be sports, television, film directors, video games (the most common usage), etc. Known for a complete lack of objectivity in relation to their preferred focus. Usually argue with circular logic that they refuse to acknowledge. Arguments or debates with such are usually futile. Every flaw is spun into semi-virtues and everything else, blown to comedic, complimentary proportions. Known for using the phrase"Object of affection = Best Ever"However, while people only really say that as hyperbole, fanboys truly believe it. Troll the internet to spread the gospel. Insult/chastise others for using public forums to express an objective opinion, no matter how constructive or, respectful it may be. (Go ahead and admit that it's a good game/movie/etc. This fact and anything else will be promptly ignored in favor of cherry picking the negative, and beating you over the head with it. Tend to resort to petty annoyance replies when backed against the wall. Usually grammar attacks and non-replies.

Fred:
The giant fire breathing penguin that will one day try to conquer the world. Also the sworn enemy of Jeff

fucking:
Admit it, you only searched this to have Urban Dictionary say ¨Get the fucking mug.¨Intimidating, I know.

Freedom:
Being able to make choices. Performing an action of your own choosing.  Freedom will always be relative to the environment/situation which you inhabit.

faf:
funny as fuck

foshizzle:
"I completely agree with you, my African American brother."

fit:
The British version of Hot. 

Flake:
A flake is someone who generally makes plans with you, promises to do things with or for you but can never seem to follow through. When confronted with their behavior they usually get defensive and run away.

friends with benefits:
Two friends who trust each other enough to engage in sexual activity without fear of hurting the other's feelings. Ideal scenario for folk who are not interested in a serious relationship, or who do not have time for one. Not a boyfriend or girlfriend; neither party has to refrain from dating other people. Also not a word tool for a player to have sex with women he does not care about. A smart alternative to random hook-ups.

Frankie:
Usually a VERY attractive male or even female. Can be a unisex name. They are normally very sarcastic and trouble makers. They love to make friends, be wild and have a good time. You know a Frankie? Yes? Than you better consider them a good friend, cause they are!

freedom fries:
Pretty much all of you are wrong.  George W. Bush did NOT come up with this term, and neither did McDonald's.  It was created by Rep.Bob Ney, R-Ohio, in a fat-headed Republican attempt to discredit the French.  Without them, however, we would not have the Statue of Liberty, and America would be a BRITISH PROVINCE.

Finn Wolfhard:
Actor in stranger things who plays Mike and is the sweetest person ever. Incredibly talented. Meme king. Deserves to be loved by everyone.

Fag Hags:
Women who cling to gay men.  Often seen around groups of gay men, they use the insulating effect to enjoy a night on the town without being assaulted by straight men.  Also one who clings to a gay guy and reports to be his "bff".

Fernando:
A fernando is the sweetest, most selfless person youll ever meet. His eyes will be the most soothing things to look into-sometimes hazel but turn brown in the summer- makes the mose adorable faces and has the best sense of humorHes there for good and will do anything for you. He is very resourceful and full of common sense. He is self sufficiant and very helpful and easy to get along with.Did i mention he has a very pleasing cock ? He knows exactly what you want in bed and can sure as hell please you. Fernandos are overall the sweetest creatures out there.

fuck off:
1. An offensive term to tell someone to go away

firefox:
Internet browser by Mozilla. Uses next-gen technology to make the best browsing possible with such features as pop-up blocking, useful extensions, custom themes, passowrd manager, an easy to manage download manager, and many more great reasons that make Internet Explorer absolutely obsolete.

fucker:
The one who does the actual fucking.  As opposed to the fuckee, who is the one getting fucked.

Fresh:
FRESH- adjective/slangThis word originated during the 80's hip hop era in New York hip hop culture.It was used to describe something new or nice.FRESH (2015)Used as a substitute word for something that is free. Can also still be used in it's original form to describe something new or nice.

French:
a language that, if spoken, will get you more pussy than you can imagine

fucked:
1) To have had sex in the past tense2) To be doomed to misery in the near future 3) Describing someone who is totally and utterly drunk and/or completely under the influence of one or more drugs beyond the point of comprehension, rationality and all response. They may be puking everywhere and/or behaving abnormally, influenced by whatever's in their body. 'Fucked' is not usually referred to as a pleasant experience.

FCC:
*bleep* *bleep* *bleep* the *bleep* *bleep* *bleep* and *bleep* a *bleep* *bleep* *bleep* *bleep* *bleep* *bleep* *bleep* *bleep* *bleep* the *bleep* *bleep* with *bleep* *bleep* *bleep* *bleep*ing *bleep* *bleep* *bleep*. *bleep* *bleep* *bleep*. *bleep* *bleep*.

Fleek:
An annoying term used by annoying teenagers (see middleschoolers) meant to be "on point".

Flip Flops:
Empty floppy tits with no side profileNipple resides at the bottom of the breast

freddie mercury:
The best singer ever. so there.

Fly:
To be fly is to be cool, and amazing and awesome.

Frick:
A word commonly used by nine year olds to express displeasure.

Fake Friend:
Someone who ignores you when they're around more 'popular' people.Someone who only talks to you when they need something.Someone who ignores you when they're in a group of people.Someone who tells you they can't hangout, but they hangout with someone else instead.Someone who never invites you to anything, unless they can't find anyone else to go.Someone who, without a reason, gossip about you and make fun of you, but say that it was just a joke.Someone who doesn't answer your texts when you ask them important questions.Someone who fake laughs when they talk to you.Someone who tells secrets to another friend, but doesn't tell them to you.Most of all, someone who does these things, but then when it's just you two, they pretend like nothing's changed. Then they want you to act the same around them, and whether they realize what they do or not, they won't apologize.If 4 or more of these things apply to one of your 'friends' then they are a fake friend

Friendship:
True friendship is not when you go to school and hang around with someone just because you have no one else to chill with.  Its not calling someone up when your bored because they are fun to talk to.  Its not when you cant think of a birthday gift and end up buying your friend a wal-mart gift card.  Is not when you have to talk to someone about something you don't particularly care about (like how much snow we got last year) to avoid an awkward silence.Friendship is when you love someone with every ounce of your being and genuinely want them to be happy even if it means sacrificing something your self to make them happy.  A true friend is someone you can talk to about your feelings, someone you can tell things you could never tell your family or even your partner.  They are someone who you don't have to talk to but someone you want to talk to; someone you will go out of your way to be with.  Friendship is when you love someone so much you want to hold them and never let go, someone you want to rest your head on and cry, and you would let them cry on you too.  Its someone you can talk to about things you disagree on and end up being closer for that disagreement.  Its when you think about someone and how close you are to them and how much you love them and you smile and are happy all over.Friendship is when your love for someone exceeds your need for them. (the Dali Lama said that)!

fuckwit:
A person who is not only lacking in clue but is apparently unable or unwilling to acquire clue even when handed it on a plate in generous portions.

fo sho:
For sure; yes; okay

Fuck-buddy:
Through friendship or a mutual fondness two persons engage in sexual gratification with one another. The aim of fuck-buddies is to receive all the benefits of being in a relationship with another person but not having to deal with any of the downsides of a relationship e.g. commitment, listening to their feelings, caring.However fuck-buddies can often complicate matters as over time one of the partnership may become overly fond of the other and begin to develope feelings. This is in direct violation of fuck-buddy law. The only thing that should pass between fuck-buddies is fluid, no emotion whatsoever.

Fuckboi:
A guy who will tell a girl anything to get them to hook up with them. A complete jerk who flirts with multiple girls at a time and makes them all believe they're individually special. They tell a girl they like them and act like they're in love so that they can get something out of it like pictures, hooking up, sex, etc. Someone who should not be trusted and is the reason for a lot of people's trust issues. Dont fuck with a fuckboi.

F A B:
FAB from the TV show "Thunderbirds" stood for "Full Acknowledgement of Braodcast." Gerry Anderson, the producer of "Thunderbirds" was known for these obscure catch phrases. In another series "Captain Scarlet" he usied SIG which stood for "Spectrum Is Green" They both meant roughly," ten-four", "I copy" and "roger that." 

Flow:
Sick hair that was invented by hockey players...dont listen to and lacrosse players, they will try and tell you they invented it but they're just posers....Your flow has to be the perfect length...not to short not to long...you will know when it is perfect because you will play the best games of your life...take note of the perfect length so you cut it back to the perfect length when it gets too long...When it is too long that is considered an OVER-flow....side effects of an OVER-flow are; ankles bending more than usual, flopping passes, getting burned(applies to defensmen AND fowards), and the worst side effect that can kill a team is being a MAJOR sieve (goalies only)

Freya:
If you ever meet a girl called Freya, you are so lucky because they can be so kind and caring and also hot! If you ever date a Freya and leave her you will regret ever letting her go... she will be so loving in a relationship and she will never let you down, never miss the opportunity to be with a Freya.

front butt:
(noun) An enormous, fatty enlargment of the abdomen, genital, and thigh region that morphs together to create the appearance of a bulbous ass on a persons front. Male sufferers of front butt syndrome often have dickdo disease, while female sufferers can be known to have a condition called a gunt.

fuck ass:
An annoying, dickish, and idiotic person. Someone who embodies the qualities of a fuck ass.

Fiona:
Fiona’s are usually very funny and nice. Gets angry at some times but probably has a good reason to. Fiona’s are strong, shy at first, and loves to hang out with friends. Fiona’s are very beautiful and sexy as they grow up. They usually have hasel, blue, or green eyes. Fiona’s usually fear being embarrassed and shows it very easily. Fiona’s are not scared to show how they feel. If you have a Fiona in your life, she must really care about you! Fiona’s are very easily forgiving and hates to be in fights with friends! Treat a Fiona right. If a Fiona doesn’t like you, there is probably a good reason for her not to.

Freshman:
A freshman is usually a student in their first year of high school. They enjoy stopping in the middle of the hallway to hug their friends during the 6 minute breaks you have between classes. They occasionally think that they are cooler than everyone else, though this does not apply to all freshman.

Frank Iero:
Walking perfection. He is god, no matter what you fucking stupid asses say.

fo' shizzle my nizzle:
"fo shizzle ma nizzle" is a bastardization of "fo' sheezy mah neezy" which is a bastardization of "for sure mah nigga" which is a bastdardization of "I concur with you whole heartedly my African american brother" 

fam:
a word use to describe your peoples. ones that you can trust dearly. someone you consider family 

foo:
A slang word commonly used by the Hispanic population to identify a friend or homie.

Futurama:
the funniest TV program ever canceled.

Francesca:
A girl who will do anything for her friends. She's beautiful and has lots of talents. She always knows how to cheer people up and cares for others. You will never meet a girl that has the looks that Francesca has. Once u lay your eyes on her you found the right girl. Never doubt her shes gonna be one of the most impost rant people you will meet. She will mean something to you. Francesca if you are reading this I love u and what I said wasn't meant to be like that it was out of anger I love you so much

fear:
Fear is the mind killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration.

Flat Earther:
One who lacks the most important organ, a brain. One who believes that the Earth is Flat, and that space doesn't exist and is just a 'dome' around the Earth and everything is a lie told by the government.

finna:
Abbreviation of "fixing to".  Normally means "going to".

Fluff:
Cute things in a relationship such as cuddles and kisses, not sexual.

Freeloader:
Someone who is happy for other people to buy them things but never pays them back or returns the favour.

female:
Iron Man."Fe" is the element name for iron on the Periodic Table of Elements."Male" is a man.Thus, put together "Fe" and "male" and you get "Female".Put together "Iron" and "man" and you get "Ironman".

Freak:
A girl who is most likely very innocent-looking and often shy, but when it comes to sex likes to be kinky etc.

Foreskin:
Nature's tarp

FUCKHEADS:
Asshole's that don't respect your privacy and annoy you with unwanted texts, Emails, phonecalls, voicemails and visits.

Fucknut:
1. A person who is so annoying and dumb that they can no longer be classed as an idiot and therefore a new level of idiot was created for them, the Fucknut.2. A person who as shit for brains (that's if they lucky).3. A person who was dropped from a tall building at birth.4. Also see: Alex Glumac  

F:
A way to show the utmost form of respect during an unfortunate or tragic event. This form of flattery stems from the world of gamers. "Press F to pay respects" is the caption in a scene that occurs at a funeral in Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. See oof for a less formal method of condolences.

furby:
electronic toy by tomy(?).  the furby is simply a small, poor quality motherboard covered in fur. the furby can "interact" with humans.  you can rub his tummy (press a button there), massage his back (press a  button there), yell at it (sound sensors pick up loud noises and trigger a seizure for the furby), and blind it (cover the light sensor on its head and trigger another seizure). when a furby first starts up or gets reset, it only talks (plays predefined words) in a limited, shoddy "language" called "furbish."  as time continues, the furby "speaks" english - giving the illusion that by speaking to it, you teach it english (sort of like a little child).  furbies cannot learn english from you; it has preset words.  however, you can buy mod chips that make it swear. the furby is known for being one of the most annoying pieces of shit ever.  however, it went through a fad period where there was unbridled buying of them.

fuck a duck:
An ode to duck fucking to the tune of the popular children's song, "Row, Row, Row Your Boat"

frosty:
To be ready, on the edge. Usually associated with the military.

fanfiction:
I noticed most of the other definitions here completely trash fanfiction. First, definition: Fanfiction is when someone takes either the story or characters (or both) of a certain piece of work, whether it be a novel, tv show, movie, etc, and create their own story based on it. Sometimes people will take characters from one movie and put them in another, which is called a cross-over. Most people who bash fanfiction are not willing to look past the fact that it's based on something else to see that it could be worth reading IF you like the subject. If they don't like the subject, then obviously they are going to automatically dismiss the fanfiction. It is true, however, that some fanfictions are rather poorly written and only a few hundred words, and it is also true that some people just write them so they can have their favorite characters have sex (lemon). But, if you take the time to find something decent, you can end up with a fanfiction story that is so close to the original piece of art, that you'd barely notice the difference.

Fruitbooter:
A derogatory name used by skateboarders to describe rollerbladers. Not all rollerbladers. Just the snotty ones that cut you off just after you drop in, and right before you're getting ready to set a grind.

FUG:
Short for "Fugly", or "Fuckin' Ugly".

floaters:
those little random shapes you see, ghost~like in appearace, some are beyond the center of the field of vision~when you try to see them, they move around & change shape! Everyone has them.

fuck it:
An expresssion used when... eh... fuck it.

fedorable:
transmittable through flea bites and ingestion of inhalation of bat guano.

Falcon Punch:
An extremely animated and/or self-narrated punch that resembles that dealt by Captain Falcon (of SNES game F-Zero) in the Nintendo video game Super Smash Brothers. Usually accompanied by the screaming of the phrase "Falcon Punch!"

fack:
How a person from the Boston/New England area says the F word.

Fuck up:
A failure, someone who really messes up.

frog:
Anybody that is from France

fingering:
things girls do for pleasure. they stick two fingers in their pussy, and jerk around until they orgasm.

faded:
When in the presence of another human being under the influence of cannabis, many things about their appearance, speech and characteristics may change. Their eyes may be droopy and red. Their spoken word will be repeatedly interrupted with fits of laughter or, and in some cases 'and', they will regularly remind you how hungry they are despite the vast quantities of Sour Patch Kids and Doritos they have consumed.But when said human being reaches their highest point, the 'peak' of their high, often described as a '10', there lies one key indicator. One beacon that will truly enlighten onlookers as to how intoxicated they are...The next time you are blessed with the pleasant presence of a altogether 'zooted' stoner, indulge in this undemanding task: simply ask said stoner, "out of 10, how high are you?"There is one obvious response that one would obviously predict, "10". But this is incorrect. The answer that someone whole heartedly high as fuck would give is..."faded"There are two main reasons this is the only answer that can be given; when a person is so blazed that they fail the simple task of choosing a number out of 10 to match their current state of mind, that is when it is clear said person is on legitimately on a 10.A second main reason is that "faded" is a word that can easily roll off of the tongue of a wide mouthed, slumped-in-sofa stoner.

fetch:
The word that really hot girl from Mean Girls was trying to make slang for cool, awesome, or good.

flamer:
Extremely flamboyant homosexual. Very bright clothing, loud speach, upbeat attitude, often noisy or annoying, intrusive. Very very gay...

fire crotch:
someone who has red pubic hair

FBI:
The kind of agency that would stare at you thru the computer cam and would blow up and bust down your house’s door and windows all because you were staring at 5 year old animated girls

Flop:
Flop is synonymous to Akshay Kumar.Akshay Kumar holds the record of maximum number of 80 Flops. Hence he is the perfect definition of flop.

Fatty:
From hiphop. A fat boy, oblivious of his lard and appearance, only likes pretty girls with extra large hooters, but as a failure with women, regularly resorts to breadfruit abuse for his carnal desire.

flat:
1. The name given to an apartment which you rent weekly or monthly.2. The name given to someone who is not cool and is dull and boring3. The name given to a woman with no or hardly any breasts.4. Something which is level, does not decrease or increase.5. The name given to something filled with air which is now de-flated.

Fabian:
Fabian is the kind of person who will go out of his way to make you feel loved, wanted, and included. If you’re sulking in a corner, he will make it a priority to seek you out.Fabian has dark secrets. If he chooses to share them, don’t laugh or mock them, because it is a huge sign of trust.Fabian will listen to your problems and look at them rationally, giving advice when necessary/wanted. He won’t try and solve your problems unless he’s asked.Fabian makes an amazing friend who cares deeply for those he trusts.

Fork:
The work that you Say instead of fuck when you're in the good place.

flapjacks:
low hanging, flat breasts resembling pancakes.

Fergie:
A female who looks moderately attractive from a distance, but upon further inspection resembles a man

facepalm:
• . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . ,.-‘”. . . . . . . . . .``~.,. . . . . . . .. . . . . .,.-”. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .“-.,. . . . .. . . . . . ..,/. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ”:,. . . . . . . .. .,?. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .\,. . . . . . . . . /. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,}. . . . . . . . ./. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,:`^`.}. . . . . . . ./. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,:”. . . ./. . . . . . .?. . . __. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . :`. . . ./. . . . . . . /__.(. . .“~-,_. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,:`. . . .. ./. . . . . . /(_. . ”~,_. . . ..“~,_. . . . . . . . . .,:`. . . . _/. . . .. .{.._$;_. . .”=,_. . . .“-,_. . . ,.-~-,}, .~”; /. .. .}. . .. . .((. . .*~_. . . .”=-._. . .“;,,./`. . /” . . . ./. .. ../. . . .. . .\`~,. . ..“~.,. . . . . . . . . ..`. . .}. . . . . . ../. . . . . .(. ..`=-,,. . . .`. . . . . . . . . . . ..(. . . ;_,,-”. . . . . ../.`~,. . ..`-.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..\. . /\. . . . . . \`~.*-,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..|,./.....\,__,,_. . . . . }.>-._\. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .|. . . . . . ..`=~-,. .. `=~-,_\_. . . `\,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .\. . . . . . . . . .`=~-,,.\,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .\. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . `:,, . . . . . . . . . . . . . `\. . . . . . ..__. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .`=-,. . . . . . . . . .,%`>--

Flash:
wearing nothing under a coat, only to open it and show your junk to everyone.

God:
Dog backwards

George W. Bush:
One of the best stand-up comedians ever who accidentally ended up in politics.

Gay:
(a) Able to sit nearer than five feet away from one’s bro in a hot tub

Goth:
A Goth is someone who sees beauty in the dark side of life.  Today's society is focused on negating darkness because it is associated with evil.  Think about it - in almost every fairy tale, who is the antagonist?  The brunette.  Who is the protagonist?  The blonde.  Dark is evil, evil is bad, and therefore we should wipe all trace of it from our lives.Unfortunately, that's simply not possible.  No matter how hard society tries, people still die.  Day turns into night.  Love becomes loss.  It's a fact of life.So while everyone else is denying an entire half of life, the Goths embrace ALL of life, good and bad.  Goths understand that the best and most lasting joy is tinged with a little sadness, and that all love is bittersweet.  Goths understand that not everybody has to be happy 24/7, and that the way to succeed is not by pretending you are.  Sunlit skies are beautiful, yes, but so are dark cloudy ones.  What is white without black?  What is a rose without thorns?Thus, by embracing the shadows as well as the sun, Goths  are, in many cases, actually more emotionally healthy than those in mainstream society.Plus, we get to wear much cooler clothing and listen to far better music! 

Green Day:
The correct spelling of the band. It is not "Greenday", nor is it "gREeN dAY!!11!1!!!".

GeorgeBush:
a cunt ass motherfucking penis kicker 

Grace:
Grace, a beautiful, intelligent, gentle, sarcastic, brave, annoying, hysterical, just an all around glorious person. They have the best smile and best advice ever. Supportive and caring. Easy going. Grace is friends with anyone and will support you 100% in any decision you make.

Ginger:
A legendary race believed to have descended from Prometheus himself, the bringer of fire. Some believe that the first Ginger was in fact the flame that Prometheus handed down to the human race that fateful day. Regardless, since that day, all Gingers have had the fire of Prometheus coursing through their veins, scorching their hair bright red, charring their skin into what are commonly mistaken for freckles when the fire strays too close to the surface. While most myths surrounding the mysterious Ginger people are fabricated, some come quite close to the truth. While it is true that Gingers lack what can be considered a truly human soul, what most people don't realize is that all Gingers have been graced with the infinitely more powerful spirit of the gods. It is for this reason that the human race has so discriminated against the Ginger people. Somewhere buried deep in their subconscious is the knowledge that they will never live up to the glory and power of their Ginger counterparts and thus, like everything that threatens the ego of the human race, they beat down and attempt to humiliate them into submission. But there will come a time when all those blessed with the fire of the gods in their veins will rise up and right all wrongs in the world and bring peace and harmony to all.

Gavin:
Gavin is a guy who often feels apathetic. He almost always thinks about others and is more interested in the life of those around him than his own. He is attractive, and loving, even though he thinks he isn't. Gavin has brown eyes and hair, wearing a brown or blue jacket whenever he can, even though his favorite color is blue. Often sarcastic and funny, to the few friends he lets into his life. He is forgetful and tired with bags under his eyes, even with good sleep. His hobbies include listening to music and playing video games.

glossy taco:
you came here from simply nailogical, you're a good person.

Girl:
The opposite gender of boysAnd the most important thing in my life but also what I will never get

Gerard Way:
a mana man who wears his poncho with pride, no matter what people say about him.

gabby:
want to see the ACTUAL definition? look up perfect. I'm serious. likes soon as ye see her ye're gonna be jello. like OMG she an amazing friend and an even better girlfriend. fell shitty? tell her, shell make you feel better. can't sleep and don't walk to be alone? tell her, well you don't have to tell her, if she knows your sad shell stay up. unless she already fell asleep. her personality is great, but you know what else is great? her looks! she is so pretty, like yeah i think her hair looks good when she straightens it, but i LOVE it even more when she leaves it natural! she doesn't even need to brush it, like her messy curly natural hair is GOALS, did i mention her smile? ahcgkfgkdgerg she just adorable! aye but don't confuse her cuteness as a sign she's innocent! nope nope definitely not innocent. anyway, she's the best thing i ever had. (have) (: ❤️💖xx

Gracie:
Gracie Hauser. Man is she precious, she's loyal, caring, kind, funny, and gorgeous asf. When you lose a Gracie. I mean, what's your purpose in life now? Gracie may be a depressed insecure and awkward person at times. But she'll smile for you even when she doesn't want to. She'll look after you even when she's hurting inside. Gracie is such an amazing person. She deserves the universe.

George:
George is the most George person you'll ever meet. He's always willing to George around and is always Georging everyone he meets. George is the nicest George that's ever Georged in the George. George George George GeorgeGeorge George GeorgeGeorgeGeorgeGeorge GeorgeGeorge.

gangsta:
There's nothing "cool" about being a gangsta. It ain't cool to pose in front of the camera with a gun in your hand pretending to come from an environment you know nothing about. Especially if you're a White boy from the Suburbs. Has anyone ever told you that you look like a complete moron with that rag top over your paled-out face? Yes, a mutant buffon who generates hysterical laughter, amongst the real criminals of this world. Not only are you a disgrace to the Caucasian race, but the human race too.  On a personal note: I know people who have been shot at. I have friends who have died on the streets. There's nothing "cool" or "hard" about that. Do you think the people who live in the projects and have lost a relative/friend to gunplay are going to look up to a gangster? No. As much as you want to believe that gangbangin is a tough career move, it ain't worth shit in my opinion. It doesn't help much when you have guys like 50 Cent around either. Here is a man who endorses reckless violence and immoral animalism amongst today's youth. His gangsta posturing fulfils the stereotypical image, in which every Black man in America is trying to get away from. His "bad ass" roleplaying is responsible for perpetuating the already grim reality of black-on-black violence in America. All that talk about "killing a motherfucker like it ain't no thang" is nothing but a fucked up tool, which corporate record companies like to sell off for stupid, young, impressionable surburnanite teens who don't know the first thing about living in a harsh, dangerous environment like Compton or St. Louis. I'm sure even less have actually experienced the sudden murder of a young relative or friend . Because here's the reality: when someone you know's dies, its not like in the movies. You can talk all you want about street credibility but don't say shit if all you know about the "hood" is what you've seen on the cinema screen or listened to on your stereo system. When somebody gets shot, they don't struggle for air and say something witty and dramatic before they go... they just fall on the ground, shit their pants, and have their brains gone to the back of their fucking heads. But hey, I guess that would be considered "cool" and "gangsta" in your little make-believe world, right?  "Stop the Violence, Increase the Peace." Gone but not Forgotten... O.J.(1979 - 1996)Sly Dee.(1987 - 2005)Lil Curb aka Kayon Williams.(1985-1999)Marvin R. (1982 - 2005) - R.I.P 

Gabriel:
The type of guy who can make you laugh, but has that serious side of him. He gets what he wants when he wants it. And don't get me started on his dimples, you can see them from a mile away. He tends to be kinda quiet but only when he is making a dirty plan. But he has a side where you think of him as a brother... and you never want to hurt him. You can tell him whatever and he'll listen, and if he likes you enough he'll tell you stuff about him he wouldn't even tell his mom.

Greg:
Greg is a family.Greg is an army.Greg is...possibly a cult. We don't know for sure.Greg is the fastest growing community on the internet.Don't look that up.

Guido:
an Italian American man usually residing in New York or New Jersey.  He wears shirts that are too tight and unbuttoned 5 buttons too low to show off the chest that he spent hours and hours at the gym obtaining, he spends more time on his hair than his girlfriend, and continues to "hit the clubs"  long into his mid to late 30's.  Often attracted to the female version of himself,  the guidette.

girlfriend:
Something you will never get

green:
a slang word started in the prison, women would tell the police officers they're green. it is widely known as a derogatory term that means you're dumb as fuck.

ghetto:
When someone is to be described as "ghetto" - it is used to describe that persons STATE OF MIND. "Ghetto" can be both a noun and an adjective. So, in this case, it is used as an adjective where white and Asian people can be just as "ghetto" as black people. Normally, this results from the poor living and upbringing conditions. "Ghetto" is a derogatory term used towards individuals who lack the standards of manners and ethics. For some reason, "ghetto" is normally directed towards black individuals. However, it is believed and has been proven that other individuals of a different color  can and have acted just as poorly.  "Ghetto" is NOT black or being black. "Ghetto" is how an individual looks at the world and acts accordingly to the "ghetto" belief. "Ghetto" is how one presents themselves in how they dress, act, and speak that acquires itself from the poor conditionings of  a "ghetto" (ref. ghetto-.noun) up-bringing.  

goat:
Greatest OfAllTime (like tight, the best)

Good Charlotte:
A band that starts many arguments about what a 'real' punk is, but, has never stated their own music category.

G-Unit:
Rap group created by 50 Cent, current members are 50 himself, Tony Yayo and Lloyd Banks. They ran the rap game from 2002-2006. Group and label seems to be picking up steam and moving back into a powerful position in late 2011 and will take the rap game back over.

Gangster:
There are two types of "gangster": 1) A wannabe thug, often illiterate and an inhabitant of a downtrodden ghetto that hangs around in "gangs"; largely associated with the African-American subculture. These try-hard wanna be "gangstas" attempt to make themselves appear like real criminals by graffiting buildings, smoking/selling drugs and trying to looking all "bad-ass and macho an'-shit, yo". An utter degradation of what true gangsters represent (see below), and street wannabe "gangsta"-types don't hold a candle to what real gangsters are. 2) The *real* gangsters are those behind organised crime; most notably the Mafia. Responsible for blackmarket trade, epsionage, organised beatings/assassinations, etc. "The Godfather" portrays the archtype of true gangsters, showing the brutality of mob beatings, shootings, running rackets and abusing woman, alcohol and everything in between. The real gansters are *not* to be confused with the aforementioned definition, commonly used as it might be.

Gabe:
Gabe is a gabe. The true definition of a Gabe is that they are gabe, and nothing else. Other forms of Gabe are unreal as it is just gabe.

Georgia:
Georgia is a beautiful girl, most likely from the south. She is quiet before she gets comfortable with you, but once you get to know her it would be worth it. Georgia is hilarious and the most kind girl. She is the type who hides her sadness, to make others happy. She doesn't judge people by their looks or the first impression. Georgia may get her heart broken many times, but she is the strongest person you will meet. Letting go of her would be a great loss for you. She also has one of the most amazing bodies you'll see.

geek:
The people you pick on in high school and wind up working for as an adult

gooch:
Gooch is another word for chad: the region between the balls and the arse-hole; can be an erogenous zone for some.Girl: I was fingering that part between his balls and his arse and there was shit there.Everyone listening remained silent but later laughed among themselves:'Eww! He had a shitty chad.'When you measure your dick, you don't start at the arse-hole and include the chad; you risk getting shit on your measuring tape.

Goon:
Goon-noun1) A generally low ranking member of a gang or syndicate. Typically the recipients of street-level work. These are generally the most disposable members of a organization, built to take the fall in order to protect the higher ups in the case of illegal activities gone awry that have attracted police attention.2) One who participates in vandalism, loitering, public displays of ignorance, outward obnoxiousness, and other non-socially acceptable practices justified by a directionless but nonetheless strong pack mentality and conformity with other similarly outlandish behaving individuals.3) An Individual of sub-standard wit or mental competency. commonly identified by a less than reputable character, bad personality, and/or poor taste in personal style.

G:
G means mate in slang English, however u only use this to ur closest friends.

Google:
The holy mother of all search engines. Is the most efficient, and reliable search engines. Can generate a few million results within a fraction of a second. Can be used for homework, dating, and for looking at high quality divx porn for satisfying your sex-deprived lives.

Gary:
A critical bug in a computer program, resulting from a minor and understandable but still really bad mistake, that can take hours to figure out and fix. Named for Gary Gillespie, a Computer Science professor at UC San Diego, since he is prone to making small mistakes in his lectures that can drastically change their meaning.

grundle:
Grundle is another word for chad: the region between the balls and the arse-hole; can be an erogenous zone for some.Girl: I was fingering that part between his balls and his arse and there was shit there.Everyone listening remained silent but later laughed among themselves:'Eww! He had a shitty chad.'When you measure your dick, you don't start at the arse-hole and include the chad; you risk getting shit on your measuring tape.

Gold Digger:
Someone who only likes people because of how much money they have, or because of the items they own.

Gianna:
Gianna is a loyal, Italian girl who is extremely social, but has 1-3 reliable friends she can always count on. Lover of laughing, and so funny. She is very happy for the most part, and loves to smile. But if you make her sad, lookout, she’s gone full depression mode. Do anything in your power to make her feel better.She is a mix between girly and tom-boy. She isn’t fake and will never let you down. She is super sweet and cares about other people a lot. You never want to loose her, if you do you will regret it all of your life. She hates liars and hates when her “friends” turn on her because of jealousy, or anything else. Gianna is very beautiful, although she will never believe it. She is very thin and fit but constantly will think she is/call herself fat or overweight. Lighter brown hair that gets lighter in the summer, and chocolate brown eyes.

german:
1. A language whose arcane grammar can drive you crazy. 2. Something of German origin; i.e., beer or cars. 3 A resident of Germany; person of German descent. Typically, a mellow, intelligent thinking creature, invariably polite, living in the area of land commonly known as Germany, a lush, wooded land with the Alps to the south, gentle, rolling hills in the center, and the North Sea to the North. The typical German is even-tempered, tolerant, respectful, practical, and somewhat skeptical and pessimistic by nature. German men are far less sexist than American men, and are more prone to marriage. Germans, though, typically have small families. A German tends to be a lover of nature, well-organized, frugal and efficient. They seldom lose their tempers- if you go to a German bar, people are usually friendly and happy, unlike an American bar, where people start fights. Germans love fast cars, motorcycles, good beer, taking lots of holidays, and walking in nature. Germany is a great place for the outdoors, and people love hiking, camping and cycling. Germans are often tastelessly dressed, and German women often wear atrocious clothes. German food is OK, if you like pork. German bread, on the other hand, is excellent. It doesn't matter, though, because German people mostly eat Italian and French food.  Germans make the best engineers, computer scientists, and technicians. They never go anywhere without their "handies" (cell phones), they're mad about soccer, and they love to have a festival. They take a day off for every holiday, including all-saint's day, May Day and the assumption of the Virgin Mary (despite the fact that most Germans don't go to church often). The biggest parties are Karneval and the Love Parade. They typical German hates extremes and extremists of all kinds, including neo-nazis, who comprise a hated minority in the country. Most people are moderate in their beliefs. There are lots of political parties in Germany, including the Green Party, who helped turn Germany into the biggest purveyor of solar power and electric windmills. Germans don't neccesarily dislike any group of people; Germans often visit France, England, the US, Eastern Europe, Turkey and the Mediterranean. Often, though, other nations have prejudices about Germans. Germany is ethnically mixed, though, and lots of Germans marry non-Germans. 

Gypsy:
While normally considered a racial slur, the word "gypsy" (in the US) refers to a person of Romani heritage. As with all cultures and groups, there are good and bad. They should not all be lumped into one group.I have met Rom that have stolen from my store, and I have met many Rom that have been wonderful, paying customers for years. You simply cannot blame an entire race of people for the misdeeds of a few. Are all whites bad? No. All blacks? No.The Romani in the US are not ethnically similar to the "Chav" or "Travellers" in the UK. At least in the US, the Romani that I have met dress very modestly, and are not bad people. They tend to have strong family values, and they take it very seriously.

Grant:
Grant is the kind of guy that seems shy and quiet, but when you get to know him, he's loud and outgoing. He's funny and charming. Grant is a great friend, he's supportive, funny, crazy, sweet and awesome.

Gamers:
The most oppressed group in the world. Also the group with the biggest peepees but never get coochie

Gekyume:
A word made by XXXTentacion meaning a “different state” or “next” universe of thought.

Gorgeous:
YOU BB😘💜

Goober:
noun, a term of affection for a lovable, silly, lighthearted person. Always easy to poke fun at without actually meaning harm.

Gage:
Gage is a sweet and caring person, he is always there for you when you need him. He is smart and sometimes a little weird, okay, a lot weird but it’s okay because that’s who he is, he always sticks up for you and even though he might not think it, he is one of the best friends you could ever have. He has some negative thoughts about himself but none of those thoughts are true because he is so not what he thinks he is, he is a perfect best friend and any girl would be lucky to date him.

Gabrielle:
She is kind, yet strong. She is sensitive she is hurt by people ,but instintly forgives them. She falls in love hard and gives it her all when she does.She can crack jokes to break silence ,but know when to be serious. She loves everyone and can care for you she is the best kind of person.

gun control:
Holding a gun in a way that your shots are more accurate.

grunger:
A grunger is a person who listens to grunge music mostly from the early 90's Seattle (including bands like Mudhoney, Nirvana, Soundgarden and Green river) and dresses accordingly. A grunger might be caught wearing clothes such as torn jeans, flannel shirts and tennis shoes (or babydoll dresses and screaming red lipstick if she happens to be a girl), but clothing doesn't really make a difference, because a grunger wears clothes that are COMFORTABLE and doesn't pay attention to appearance. A grunger might sometimes be perceived as dirty, because they don't give much thought to hygiene. As it seems, a lot of people have the misconception that a grunger wears baggy jeans and baseball caps and carries around a skateboard. That's not the case though. Grunge has nothing to do with skating and a typical grunger would probably not wear baggy jeans, caps or skating shoes. Grungers are usually past teenage, since the grunge movement became more common in the late 80's and early 90's. Unlike punkers, grungers don't feel the need to be particularly rebellious, they just don't care. Grunge is mostly about the love for a certain kind of music.

government:
the government is you and me and you've all been trained to forget that by the ones pretending to be our masters! turn off the television! it's only there to distract you and to make your mind up for you! They've been telling us how it's going to be... wait a second! were supposed to be doing that!

Griffin:
an all-around great guy. He is smart, hilarious, athletic, and just not afraid to be himself. He is one of those guys who just make you warm up inside, and the person you love to hang with. Griffin lights up the occasion, and shows you how to have a good time. He really does care about you, even though he might not show it at times, and be nice because he is very sensitive too. You will see Griffin famous either being an athlete or an actor.

Grinding:
When you're working hard either at work or at a job.

G-Spot:
The G-spot is located about 2-3 inches inside the vagina on the outside or anterior wall. It is no doubt very hard to find without using your eyes or some sort of a flashlight -- Good luck doing that without being slapped in the faceBut anyways, it's commonly preferred to be hit by the Cock within about 15 minutes of probing, stabbing, and swaying. (If you have good aim).And, if hit at orgasm, will produce a fluid that is (To this day) uncontrollable unless the female is some sort of a Feminine version of Chuck Norris.

gank:
To steal or take something that does not belong to you. 

Garrett:
Garrett is the probably the most kindest guy you will ever meet, but he could be a pain in the ass. He has a great sense of humor, and is very fun to be around. Garrett is also very creative, and can be dirty minded some times. Garrett is a great friend and boyfriend he is there for you no matter what. He makes you smile even if you don't want to. He has a great personality and he smile all the time. Garrett is probably the best boyfriend ever. If you are his girlfriend you are very lucky because Garrett will be there for you no matter what, and if you are his one true love he will stick with you no matter how tempting these other girls might be. Garrett has the greatest smile ever, and has the most beautiful baby blue eyes. Garrett is probably one of the best friend and boyfriend anyone could ask for. Garrett is the most kindest person you could ever meet, but he could be a pain in the ass some time.

Goose:
honk honk honk honk honk

Gun:
A complex arrangement of metal parts that is capable of discharging a lead peice at very high speeds, high enough to penetrate fleash and thin slabs of wood.  Serves as humankind's (so far) permanent replacement for spears, staffs, swords, daggars, etc. as most effective weapons.  Most commonly used for self-defense, murder, killing hostiles, recreational shooting, the standard issue weapons for armies, militias, etc.

Gucci:
A versatile slang term based on the luxury fashion brand meaning okay/good/great/awesome/fresh/etc. Originally used in the streets but now popularized by the masses. Sometimes abbreviated "gooch" if you're an expert in its use. To be all Gucci is a wonderful thing indeed.

gucci gang:
a very idiotic song sang by a rainbow mop with aluminum foil stuck to his teeth

GG:
1) Phrase said at the end of a match, either online or in person. Means "Good Game", and indicates one of two things: Either it was truly a good, fairly played and close match, or one team got slaughtered. 2) Used as an insult. Either in the aformentioned way, or used to insult someone who has preformed an incredibly stupid act.

Game:
It's CONFIDENTLY using your attributes, characteristics, and overall personality to win the affection of the woman you want. You can't have game if you don't know yourself; you can't be confident in what you're ignorant of.Game is playing the cards you're dealt and WINNING; turning your positives into swagger (not 'swag') and your negatives into charm.Symps would have you believe that 'game' means blindly acquiescing to a woman's whims and going along to get along with an ulterior motive in mind (usually sex). Those are just cons and fakes who prey on insecure, attention whores because they believe a quality woman would NEVER appreciate the man he REALLY is. They lack game, so if they assume this about themselves, they are ultimately right.Sometimes the cards in your deck are insufficient, you didn't exude the right amount of confidence, or maybe you were TOO confident and it came off as arrogance. When that happens, you just charge it to the game, learn from it, and keep it moving.An expert of game can pull any woman he wants, but that doesn't mean he can pull EVERY woman. See, a person with game can read a woman before even talking to her; he knows if the woman he's scoping would dig his rap or not and an expert of game doesn't want a woman that wouldn't want him, so his success rate is much higher. When you've gotten to this level, you're a MACK.

guitar:
a musical magical instrument played like gods but ruined by douchebags

Gus:
Someone named Gus

Ghost:
To avoid someone until they get the picture and stop contacting you.

golf:
to quote Oscar Wilde:"The best way to ruin a good walk"

Genesis:
The kind of person who can make you laugh,gives good advice when needed,pretty, a best friend that you can ever have,and is obsessed with Romance. She will always be there for u no matter what time.She may be quit at times only because she has no one to talk to or rlly doesn't give two shits. But overall she will make your day even when u can't make hers.If you have a Genesis in your life don't let her go! She's smart,funny,crazy(in a good way),pretty,sweet, and fun.

Germany:
The country Hitler wasn't born in.

Guy:
used for a normal/bloke-ish kind of boy. orringinates from guy fawks

Ghosting:
When a person cuts off all communication with their friends or the person they're dating, with zero warning or notice before hand. You'll mostly see them avoiding friend's phone calls, social media, and avoiding them in public.

Gunt:
Bulging area found on large older women between the waist and the genital area. Not quite a gut, not quite a cunt... The Gunt.

grind:
when you work your ass off to get shit done

gilf:
Grandmother I'd Like to Fuck

Greebo:
A greebo is a person who listens to rock/punk/metal music and doesn't follow fashion trends. They don't usually class themselves as being a  greebo but are assigned that title by trendies/rudes. Some of them may look quite threatening but generally they are all around nice people and they resist starting fights or arguments with people who do follow trends. However, if you were to ask one if they had anything against trendies or rude boys their answer would seldom be 'no'. Almost all Greebos have some kind of disliking towards trendies mainly because they make their lives hell. Abuse is hurled at them when they walk down the street and they frequently get the crap beaten out of them for absolutely no reason other than the fact that they are different.Greebos also seem to be fairly itelligent people if not it one way, they are bound to be intelligent in another, this may contribute to why greebos rarely start fights with trendies and rudes, because they are intelligent enough to know that it wont solve anything.Greebos are alternative people who just want to be treated fairly.

gat:
A firearm, usually a pistol or open-bolt submachinegun, used for busting "caps" into someone/something's "punk ass."

grapes:
purple weed- purp good tasting weedweed that is dark in color

Gas:
high-grade marijuana, usually strains that emit strong odor that lingers in an aroma much like gasoline.

Gemini:
A very hyper zodiac sign that applies to people born from May 21st to June 21st. These people are generally hyper, and as some may say, two-faced. Gemini's are amazing people full of laughs, but some tend to turn on you quick (Keyword: SOME)Gemini is an air sign, represented by two greek gods whom are twins, Castor and Pollux. These signs are ruled by the planet Mercury, and are quick-witted. They can turn serious really quick, they also are very expressive!

Guns n' Roses:
Easily one of the top 5 bands of the last 20 years, if not the best.  To lump them in with '80s hair metal is to do them a disservice.  Guns n' Roses is a hard rock band.  Best known for the songs "November Rain" and "Welcome To The Jungle," their first album Appetite For Destruction is the best selling debut of all time.  The intro guitar riff for "Sweet Child o Mine" is recognized as one of the greatest ever.  The band formed in LA in 1985, playing the Hollywood clubs before being signed.  Their original lineup was: W.Axl Rose - VocalsSlash - Lead GuitarIzzy Stradlin - Rhythm GuitarDuff McKagan - Bass GuitarSteven Adler - Drums Adler was replaced by Matt Sorum from The Cult, and Gilby Clarke replaced Izzy when he left.  Dizzy Reed was added for keyboard duty. The band was effectively broken up by 1995 or possibly before, with most members pursuing other projects and Axl carrying on the Guns n' Roses name with a new cast of musicians.  Slash, Duff, and Matt formed Velvet Revolver with Scott Weiland (ex STP).It is music's great loss that the band collapsed under the weight of its member's egos, as many predicted that they could have been this generation's Rolling Stones.  Perhaps an unlikely Aerosmith-type reunion could still occur, but if not, Guns n' Roses' music will stand the test of time and serve as a testament to the brilliance they showed during their '87-'93 heydey.

Gwen Stefani:
A singer who taught me how to spell bananas

Gloria:
A true beauty to withhold. The sweetest and most playful girl can be found with this name. She always puts others before herself and never truly acknowledges her beauty, whether she is told of here gorgeous looks and sparkly personality. Sometimes she can play too much but that’s just her having a good time and laughing her way to love. Sometimes she is fun to talk to if you need help with your life, sometimes she is great with casual conversations. She goes with the flow and never ever fails to amaze people.Especially me

Gabriella:
A Gabriella , Gabby for short, they are like a scan detector.They can read you with a snap of a finger.They get in the time, they are very trendy but also love vintage things.Gabby's are confident ,Funny,ABSOLUTELY ADORABLE,honest,Kind,exc.(I can go on forever)The LITERAL definition of Beauty.Argue with me now but wait until you met one.You can tell them a secret and they won't kiss and tell they will keep it and give really well thought out advice.They know when to kid around and when to be quiet and listen.They are really good friends, and girl friends,sisters,daughters, and the list goes on.They are very artistic and creative and colorful and meaningful.They are absolute geeks and are fan girly and nerdy and love video games,anime,books,movies,series,cartoons, and more.I swear if i ever lost my gabby i'd be scared for life.Moral:Never lose a gabby cause trust me you'll end up regretting it take my word if you don't then don't come crying.

Guitar Hero:
A simple entertaining pass-time that is the subject of much controversy among guitarists and video-game players. Being able to play a song on "expert" in Guitar Hero does not mean you are good at playing the guitar. However, that does not make the game less fun. Guitar players use it to bash video gamers, and video gamers use it to show off their "skills". However, a happy medium enjoys the game for what it is - a game.

gash:
A term for the female genitalia, implying that it looks like a hatchet wound. See: alcove, bat cave, bear trap, bearded clam, bearded taco, beaver, bermuda triangle, box, bucket seat, cake, chuff box, cockpit, cooch, coochie, coochie-pop, coose, cooter, cooze, crack, crawl space, cum depository, cum dumpster, cuntcake, cunt, cunny, donut, dripping delta, felted mound, fillet-o-fish, finger hut, fish, fish taco, front bum, fly catcher, fuckhole, garage, gates of Heaven, golden doorway, Grand Canyon, growler, hair pie, hatchet wound, heaven's door, hole, honey cave, honey pot, hot box, jaws of Hell, lobster pot, loins, loose meat sandwich, lotus, love box, love canal, lower lips, meat wallet, muff, nooch, nook, nookie, parking spot, peach, pearly panty gates, pocket, poon, poontang, purse, pussy, quiff, quim, rat trap, scratch, sheath, slash, slit, snapper, snatch, space, split, stench trench, tampon socket, temple, thingy, tool shed, tuna, tunnel, twat, undercut, vagina, vertical smile, wishing well, whisker box, womb, x, yoni

Growler:
The swelling of a horrendous amount of fecal matter moments before it is excremented.

Grammar Nazi:
One who uses refined vocabulary, correct grammar, constantly finds themselves correcting grammar and spelling (in forums, chatrooms, tumblr, YouTube, etc.)First, you have your mild GNs, they're much kinder and respectively tell you about your grammar/spelling that is incorrect.Then there's your experienced GN, they're much harder on you and constantly browse through pages to reply to people who have terrible grammar and spelling form.Finally, there's the hardcore GN, only they have earned the right to sPELL liKe thisss and still be refined, respected, not a asshat GN like most internet GN are. They usually reply with a simple correction and move on.

Glomp:
v, to glomp NOT sexual, it is the action of one person lovingly (and dramatically) attacking another with a hug.A glomp is often preadatory and lies somewhere in the grey area between a caring embrace, and a flying leap to tackle someone.The term is used extesively in anime culture, as well as online in text form (anime because many anime characters do this often, and online because it is short and descriptive).

grits:
Coarsely ground corn, traditionally a breakfast cereal. YUMMY!!! Though grits have a rich tradition in the South, they are not only eaten by Southerners. People around the country are finding the great uses and taste of grits. Turner Catledge, former editor of the New York Times, called grits "the first truly American food." Grits date as far back as 1607, when the colonists came ashore at Jamestown, Virginia. Grits are a good source of calcium and iron and have no fat or cholesterol. Grits are made from the milling of corn kernels. The first step in the process is to clean the kernels; then, the grains are steamed for a short time to loosen the tough outer hull. The grain kernel is split, which removes the hull and germ, leaving the broken endosperm. Heavy steel rollers break up the endosperm into granules, which are separated by a screening process. The large-size granules are the grits; the smaller ones become cornmeal and corn flour. The word grits comes from the Old English. "grytt", for "bran", but the Old English "greot" also meant something ground. 

gronk:
Australian Slang, (noun) A person that is totally lacking in fashion sense, motor skills and/or social skills. Usually a total moron, an extremely unpleasant person or an unwanted guest.Sometimes: A likeable idiot or Bogan (especially in Queensland)

gimp:
(1) a derrogatory term for someone that is disabled or has a medicial problem that results in physical impairment. (2) An insult implying that someone is incompetent, stupid, etc.  Can also be used to imply that the person is uncool or can't/won't do what everyone else is doing. (3) A sex slave or submissive, usually male, as popularlized by the movie Pulp Fiction.

genius:
Being both Intelligent, and being able to tap all one's intelligence at the right time.  Also, something that is brilliant, and temporarily eludes description due to it's awesomeness.

Gina:
the name of an incredibly beautiful girl who is perfect in every single way; if a Gina ever comes into your life dont ever let her leave because it'll be the biggest mistake you'll ever make. Gina absolutely gorgeous and loves to have a good time. She may be a little shy at first but once you get to know her you'll realize that she's the greatest thing to ever happen to you and you should treasure her forever because that's just how incredible gina is. She has a perfect figure and turns guys o justas much as she makes them need to be with her. Gina is a tease but a passionate lover; fun but sensative; amazing but, yea amazing! gina is the most beautiful name u will ever hear in your life so treat her like gold, and only good things can happen in return.

Gothic:
1. a style of architecture used in  the middle ages, consisting of pointed towers,  massive structures and heavy use of stone carving and gargoyles 2. a style of literature considered both dark and romantic and heavy on the drama (see "wuthering heights") NOTE: not generally horror or supernatural stories. 3. a style of music that grew away from Punk in the late 1970's. it was propulgated by bands such as Bauhaus and Siouxsie and the Banshees, and was known for its guitar melodies, darker themes and danceable beats. along with the music came a certain fashion sence (generally attributed to be begun by Siouxsie Sioux) consisting of very dramatic eye makeup (taken from the ancient egyptians), teased hair and tattered clothing made of lace and velvet. 4. devotees of any of the above.

grunge:
GRUNGE MUSIC-Has a dirty guitar sound, strong riffs, and heavy drumming-Guitars usually tuned to a lower key-Commonly used guitar distortion and feedback-Draws heavily on Punk-Lyrics are typically angst-filled, angry, frustrated, sad, fearsome, and depressed-Some people dont like Nirvana because they were the most popular band and overshadowed bands like Alice In Chains and Soundgarden  ETHICS-Take as little effort as possible on appearence and dress for comport and affordability-Reject the idea that one must always purchase the things that one wants or needs from others-Like obscure indie bands, but disown those bands when they sign to major lables-Never follow trends ATTITUDE-Strive for apathy and underachiement-Act like you dont care, even if you do-Usually have cynnical and negative outlooks upon life-Respect women and reject jocks BUILD UP AND BREAK DOWN1987 - Mark Arm of Green River and Mudhoney first uses the word Grunge1990 - Andrew Wood of Mother Love Bone ODs on heroin1991 - Nirvana releases Nevermind, which breaks grunge into the mainstream1992 - Bands like Soundgarden, Mudhoney, Pearl Jam, Alice in Chains, and the Stone Temple Pilots gain popularity1993 - Grunge starts to decline among long time fans due to the commercializing and exploitation by corperations and bands jumping onto the bandwagon1994 - Kurt Cobain kills himself, gerorating major shockwaves around the world, another stab at grunge1995 - Post-grunge bands like Live and Bush rise in popularity (a watered down form of grunge without the dirty guitars and distortion)1997 - Soundgarden breaks up, grunge has lost its strangle-hold in the masses to pop princesses and boy bands2000 - All good music dies and rap, pop, and poser-punk bands roam the earth2002 - Nirvana tops charts with an unreleased new song; You Know Your Right 2002 - Layne Stayle ODs2006 - Pearl Jam reminds people that they're still alive with a new album

George Floyd:
An African American man who was killed on May 26, 2020 due to Police Brutality.

GD:
Gangsta Disciples. Part of the folk Nation.6 point star.Star of King David.Colors black and blue. Chicago Based.South Side originally. pitchforks up. Tha illest muthafuckas on ya block. Everything to the right. Most money is made from slangin boulders up the blocks of the midwest mostly.  Larry hoover, david barksdale. BOSS= Brothers of the strong struggle.

gringo:
a gringo is just a north american or anglo-saxon. it is usually a white person but doesnt have to be. it isnt a hateful term but it can be used hatefully. it also represents behaviour and attitudes latinos consider to be "american".

Grammar:
The difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.

gay marriage:
A union between two men or two women, allowing them to have the exact same set of legal rights as those possessed by heterosexual spouses. These include rights such as hospital visitation. A step beyond civil union, gay marriage will at last give LGBT partners the security that every family, whether m/f, m/m, or f/f, deserves.

Giovanni:
A boy who is caring, sweet, and extremely cute. His laugh brings joy to you in an instant and you'll find yourself lost in his brown eyes. He will go through all heights just to see a smile on the one he loves. Through ups and downs he stays till the end to wipe away your tears. Because of his big heart he tends to get hurt if he is not shown the same amount of love he shows to you. Don't ever take this boy for granted, he's worth more then all the money in the world. You will never regret meeting this boy. He is absolutely amazing.

Gaydar:
Someone's ability to sense if someone is gay or not when it's not obvious.

gerbil:
The opposite of a cougar.  A young girl seeking an older man.

Geometry:
Doing the devil's work

Gen Z:
People born between 1995 and 2009

gullible:
Being gullible is nothing more than trusting someone who should not be trusted.

greek:
Anal sex. Used mostly as a euphemism in prostitution circles.

Grunt:
Term of affection for that tired, filthy, thirsty, hungry, footsore, ripped-trouser, camouflage-painted, lean, mean, son a b*itch who has kept the wolf away from the door for over two hundred years.US Marines - (03--)US Army - (11-)

Greenwich:
A town filled with rich juul fiends who buy 12 packs at once on their daddy's card. While this might seem like everyone's a pretentious douchebag, Greenwich is split into 6 areas with pretty different people. First there's Old Greenwich/Riverside, which is where all of the people go to live right on the water, they get Upper Crust Bagels every morning and think Garden Catering is better than Chicken Joes, these are the humblest rich kids in Greenwich. Next to that is Cos Cob, this area is mixed between rich and middle class, everyone here gets high as fuck at "pomy"/"monty" (forests where adults walk there dogs and kids smoke weed), Cos Cob is the most normal you'll get in Greenwich. Then there's Glenville/Byram, these two are the areas that kind of stick to themselves, if you aren't from one of them, chances are you aren't friends with kids there. It's the capitol of potheads in Greenwich, if you wanna get high, you're probs copping from some kid who lives there. Last is Back Country, which consists of enormous multi-million dollar homes owned by Wall Street commuters and their lacrosse player sons who are legacies UMich, they do coke and rip their bongs in their guest houses. It takes 30 minutes to drive to literally any part of Greenwich, so chances are your 1am booty calls never pull through. No matter what part of Greenwich you're from, you probs have a severe drinking problem and know at least 5 kids who've been to rehab, and at least 3 who have gone more than once.

grayson dolan:
one of the most sweetest, kind-hearted, and genuine people i have ever seen. He is so amazing and inspiring and just his laugh can make you smile. He deserves all the love and support the world can give, he deserves to be happy 24/7, he is a blessing to so many lives and deserves to be loved unconditionally

Grayson:
A rare boy, with the ability to love with all his heart. He is sensitive, and he will give everything he has to the one he loves. He can be moody at times, and he doesn't like to open up unless he feels absolutely comfortable. He is citrus-scented. He is usually very athletic, but can get frustrated easily. He is caring, loving, and is in tune with how others are feeling. Graysons usually like to help others, and sometimes Graysons give more of themselves than they should. They are always good-looking. Graysons usually find more luck than the average person. Sometimes they need someone to provide a little direction, and then they'll get on track. Mostly, Graysons are excellent people to have around, as they are the perfect friend and an amazing lover. Graysons are good in bed because of their rarity. A Grayson is genuine, loving, and is rare. So if you find one, don't let him go!

Gibs:
Free stuff handed out to people who are too lazy and/or weak to acquire such things on their own. Given through coercion and guilt tripping of productive people. Related to "Gibs me dat".

graffiti:
A form of art and expression. The world is each ones canvas.

Gabi:
Gabi is an amazing best friend. She is tough but awesome, and she is really pretty. She loves being unique and would make a great girlfriend. She looooooves photography. And she loves just doing spontaneous stuff.

GINO:
The most nicest guy you will ever meet, every guy wishes they where GINO. Ever girl wishes every guy was like GINO. Usually happy, and has great spirit. His personality is crazy.. He is HILARIOUS and will always be there for you.

golden showers:
The act of pissing on another used as a means of sexual foreplay.

GDI:
An insult used by pretentious idiots in Greek organizations to try and make those outside of their membership seem "beneath" them. Pretty much as childish as it gets.

Git:
1. A completely ignorant, childish person with no manners.  2. A person who feels justified in their callow behaviour.3. A pubescent kid who thinks it's totally cool to act like a moron on the internet, only because no one can actually reach through the screen and punch their lights out.

Gay Lord:
Perceived to be the 'original' or 'first' homosexual male, if such a being ever existed. The occasional myth that emerges from closed circles entails that the one Gay Lord ruled over homosexuals in early Mesopotamian times as a deity of sorts and if he still lived today, would be able to control every living gay man with a single thought. Some say that the homosexual 'essence' of the Gay Lord was / is the purest of all gays. To this day, it is unknown as to how the Gay Lord actually looked like, although there is much speculation on whether the Gay Lord still lives; locked away in deep slumber. It has also been said that the Gay Lord has no apparent connection with bisexuals or lesbians.

GTFO:
An internet acronym short for "get the fuck out". It is used to express indignation, usually towards stupidity, incompetence, or both. It can be used in response to something that is unwelcome.

gentleman:
A gentleman is a man who does not cower to outside forces, he is strong and true to his word. He does the right thing, even if the right thing does not seem the popular thing. His strength of character is apparent in his presence as he enters a room and exerts not arrogance, but confidence that is contagious to others. A true gentleman never lacks a friend, because a true gentleman is a friend. The word 'Gentle' in gentleman is not in the sense that he is soft, but that with his confidence and aura, others might feel comfortable in his presence.

George Carlin:
Perhaps one of the finest comedians that ever lived, George Carlin defined the word counterculture as we know it today. Pushing the First Amendment as Lenny Bruce did, Carlin always had something to say and if you were easily offended by what he said he would advise you to "GO THE FUCK OUTSIDE". I hope the First Amendment didn't w/ him. I will miss Georgie Porgie…

Gabriela:
Gabriela is an incredible girl with a huge heart. She goes out of her way to make sure others are happy before she could even worry about her own self. Her laugh is completely contagious and she’s extremely goofy and fun to be around. She’s sporty and has a good sense of fashion and cares about her grades. She’s not a nerd, but she’s very intelligent when she tries. She keeps a lot of her emotions stored inside and tends to daze off but you can’t even tell because she puts on a smile. She also really underestimates her capabilities and beauty and overthinks a lot of different things.

gangbang:
When multiple partners, usually 3 or more, engage in sexual intercourse with a single willing partner. (If partner is unwilling it is called gang rape).

grill:
What nerdy virgins call a girl.

Gaby:
Gaby is someone so different from everyone else. She probably insecure about who she is but everyone knows how pretty and amazing she is. That bitch can move and she don't care. She too funny and is just overall happy but has her moods. She's awesome.

GLEE:
A word often used by a lot of south Floridans or just Florida in general. Created by Kodak Black who often uses it a lot in the beginning of his songs. It does really have a meaning, it’s more of a phrase we use to show excitement.

gator:
to eat aggressively or devour

Glizzy:
Glizzy could be short for Glock, or also used for hotdog/weenie

Goku:
A character on the popular anime DB, DBZ and DBGT.  Not the brightest star in the sky but can kick the shiz out of just about anyone.  And if not, he can eat you due to his freakishly huge appetite.

Gwen:
Gwen is a sweet and loving person.She is intelligent, thoughtful and kind.She isn't those types of girls who move from one guy to another. She works hard in school.She is very thoughtful and thinks hard for important decisions.She can be vulrenable and shy but be so strong and confident when she's protecting her friends.Gwen is a person you can easily fall in love with. She is shy but so beautiful. She doesn't stand out but once you get to know her all you can do is think about her.And when she smiles at you it'll be an amazing feeling. A feeling that you can't really explain because you're experiencing it for the first time. A different feeling from every other crush you had on. A real feeling. Real love

Gacha Life:
A dress up game that is made by Lunime. People make videos out of this by using the different poses. These people are called gacha tubers. Some people match the clothing to the skin color and say the characters are ‘naked’. A lot of the community on YouTube is cursed and should belong in the deepest depths of hell.

gnome:
Short, stocky little people with big noses, beards, blue tunics, and red pointy hats. Once related to dwarves but got much shorter and weirder. During a war with goblins, when the dwarves were having a box shortage, the gnomes went off to look for a better life. Unfortunately, many were captured and made as slaves, tending the gardens of dumb suburban people. Some managed to escape, only to be eeking out a living in the woods and living in burrow-like homes, like those of hobbits. Worse yet, they had been cursed by an evil tract-house developer to freeze into a clay form when a human sees them. Despite this, they are occasionally stolen by certain creepy french girls. Lately, a few gnomes were free of the curse and appear to be traveling around the world, sending back silly postcards with their mugs on them. Sadly, one gnome was crushed to death by a 2000 pound ball of baked pizza dough covered with melted cheese. A wrongful-death lawsuit with the Domino's Pizza Corporation is pending.

Greta:
(n.) A classy, beautiful, well-dressed, artistic woman with a down-to-earth nature. She may or not possess physical traits of red hair, pleasant eyes, delicate bone structure, and full lips. A Greta tends to be a perfectionist, often holding herself to very high standards. This woman is very responsible, self aware, intelligent, logical, conscientious, and determined. Often guarded upon meeting new people, she is likely to assess you accurately and get to know you better if she finds you worthy of her time. Greta's tend to be kind, sensitive, caring, and loyal within close relationships.

Gap:
The space between the thighs on a female body, just below the crotch.  A gap is indicative of a slim figure and is very sexy.

grenade:
The solitary ugly girl always found with a group of hotties.  If the grenade doesn't get any action, then neither does anyone else.  

gaff:
"gaff" is an irish slang word for "house", its also used across Scotland and parts of England and Wales

GP:
GP stands for "General Principal" Usually preceeded by the word "On"

Genevieve:
A very deep and complicated girl who really cares about her friends. She may not see the world the way most see it. She is also extremely good at everything she does, but is still modest. Her eyes shine like there's no tomorrow. Her smile will take your breath away. Everyone loves a Genevieve for her charm and kindness. Overall, one of the most amazing and inspiring people you will ever meet. Also known as Genny.

GameCube:
The CORRECT way of spelling the more abundant entry in urbandictionary for this gaming system. See Game Cube, as I don't really want to type all of the stuff about it, since it's already there.

GOOD:
Acronym standing for Gormless, Overbearing Over opinionated and Depressing. Although it’s really a bacronym it is useful as a comeback to those dismal fuckwits, usually female, who run motivational, performance improvement and other courses and who tell you that fine stands for Fed up, Insecure, Neurotic and Emotional. These people are usually unsure of themselves and are looking for some means to bolster their confidence; they should not, however, do it at someone else’s expense.

Gravy:
A state of complacency or happiness. Stable goodness.

God Church:
n. Some stupid shit Jake Paul said.

Hannah:
Hannah is one of thee cutest most beautiful girl you'll know, she has one of the most loving hearts and wants you to be comfortable around her. She knows how to make your cheeks hurt because all you will want to do is smile when you see her. She knows how to be funny she likes to show her affection by being silly and making fun of you. It's hard just to stay friends with her because you'll just end up wanting to be with her forever. When she is hurt, she doesn't like to show it, always be here for her. Hannah is someone worth falling for.

hipster:
Hipsters are people that try too hard to be different (and genuinely do think that they're being different), by rejecting anything they deem to be too popular.Ironically, so many other people also try too hard to be different that they all wind up being the exact same, so hipsters arent actually different at all, theyre just people that are snobbier and more annoying about their taste in "alternative" things, which are all popular now thanks to the other hipsters.Hipsters pride themselves on liking things that no one else likes, and normally only really like them because they think no one else likes them and that theyre being unique. This is being delusional because all the other hipsters also like the same things.

Homework:
A legal form of torture, especially if it is of the Algebra variety.

horny:
What your going to be after reading all these freaky definitions below or above mine.

hoe:
Someone who lets any old color pencil into their sharpener.

High school:
Most say its hell but that word doesn't even begin to describe it.

Hot Topic:
This is a store to which people can find t-shirts, sweaters, hats, basically all attire that may have a faviorte band or funny saying.  I personally go there, and I do not believe that I am trying to rebel against anything.  And if I was trying to, to what would I be, society in itself, you could say the same thing about Pacific sunwear, Ecko, or any clothing store, they could all be considered rebelling against something.  But I just want a shirt with my faviorte band's name on it.

Hi:
hisynonyms include:hola, hello, howdy, greetings, cheerio, whats crack-a-lackin, yo, how do you do, good morrow, guten tag, bonjour, good day, top o the morning, sup, hey, heyyyyy, aloha, hi-ya, whats happening, howdy-do, salutations, good morning, g'day, ciao, salute, hallo, what's the dizzle, shalom, whats poppin, long time no see, hi there, rise and shine, good to see ya, whats in the bag, whats the dilly, namaste, hows ur dog, ello ello, holla, howzit, heya, whoopee, cuckoo, whats up homegirl, hey home slice, wassup bro, look what the cat dragged in, nice to meet you, wotcha, gidday, hows it hangin, how ya goin, wassap, hey sisters, whats cooking, hi goose, wats shaking, well hellooo, huh, yoo-hoo, whats going down, how are things, hows life, its a pleasure to meet you, whats the scene, what it be, whats the haps, whats the rumpus, allo, ahoy, egad, hurrah, ouch, yeet, look who it is, whats a-ringin, alright me babber, bonsoir, cooee, what it is, whats clickin, ahem, *cough cough*, um, amen, regards, compliments, wotcher, blimey, haiii, whats the dillio, mwah, hug?, What's occurring, heaven-o, wassuuuuuuuuuup, well met, ay up me duck, ayo, peace, bloody hell, hows everything, konichiwa, whats up doc,thank you for reading my wonderful compilation of synonyms. If you didn't read them all then please do because my hands hurt from typing.THERE WILL BE A PART TWO. YOU HAVE NOT SEEN THE LAST OF ME.goodbye my childrenPlease approve this we’ve already been rejected

Hentai:
Family friendly content. Go search it!

Hell:
its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school its school

Hayden:
A Hayden is very smart but likes to hide it. He is sexy and confident. He is known as having a big ego but when really he doesn't think of himself like that, even though he acts it. Hayden is a very trustworthy person when you get to know them and the person you can tell all your problems to. He is kind when he wants to be and loves to crack the jokes. But watch out he is a flirt, he can make you fall in love with him without trying. If you have a Hayden in your life, you are very lucky.

Hot:
Not cold dumbass

Haley:
A haley is a nice girl with a beautiful name, a name that resembles true beauty. The most amazing girl that any guy could have. She has an amazing heart and a amazing body. She is so nice and beautiful, no matter what she does it always compliments her true beauty. She has an amazingly beautiful face and you just cant help but want to hug her as soon as you see her. She has a heart of gold is the most that any guy could ever ask for. She may put her self down a lot but she does not see how every body else looks at her . When you see her your heart will skip a beat and you may experience somewhat of a shock for seeing such a beautiful sight. Her eyes have a certain sparkle in them that cant stop you from looking at her. She is the most special girl that any guy could ever have and if you ever get a chance to even talk to a haley, take it because if you don't then you will miss out on meeting the most beautiful and amazing girl you have ever seen.

hello:
a very offensive curse word

Heather:
The name Heather refers to a song by Conan Gray. In the song, the person he has a crush on doesn’t like him back because they like Heather. He says that he wishes he were Heather because everybody always seems to like her. When someone says that you’re Heather, they mean that everybody can’t help but like you.

humans:
The doom of this planet.

hater:
A person that simply cannot be happy for another person's success.  So rather than be happy they make a point of exposing a flaw in that person. Hating, the result of being a hater, is not exactly jealousy.  The hater doesnt really want to be the person he or she hates, rather the hater wants to knock somelse down a notch.

Holly:
A true Goddess. Holly's are strikingly beautiful, and will take your breath away. You will be instantly captivated by her beauty. She has a flirtatious giggle that will bring a smile to your face, and make you weak in the knees. Her eyes sparkle like diamonds, and her face glows like the golden sun. She has a quit wit, a genius mind, the body of a goddess and a spirit that will light up your life. She is exciting, complicated, powerful and articulate. Holly's are passionate, courageous and wise. She is SENSATIONAL! She will steal your heart and you will never want it back. A Holly is every man's dream. Truly a work of art!

Hope:
Wanting something to happen and believing that somehow it still can and might. Even if it takes many miracles.

Hailey:
A beautiful girl with blonde or brown hair is beautiful inside and out has a great personality is nice but will mess you up if you get on her nerves. Insecure doubts herself a lot but is an all around great person. Outgoing. But quiet. Strong

Hunter:
Hunter is often a guy name. Commonly tall, great skin, normally white. Thinks lowly of themselves with slight trust issues, but everyone loves them. Very cute, maybe even hot. Honest, and very kindhearted.One can also be quite shy. Never do you ever hear a Hunter insulting or being rude to someone unless it's a joke. Very creative and musical. Somewhat of a ladies man, but very committed. Some girls may think of the Hunter in their life as perfect. Hunters are modest, and treat their girlfriend lovely. Very respectful, honest, and so loving. Once in the arms of a Hunter, don't let him go. I guarantee you'll regret it.

Hilary Duff:
A girl who got a record deal based on her already-present fame, rather than vocal talent.Her voice is horrible, despite the digital altering. Hilary Duff makes Britney Spears sound like Mariah Carey.And, on top of that, Hilary doesn't even write her own songs (which is a scary thought anyway). Her singing is pretty much monotone; she has a pathetic voice range. Let's just say that she wouldn't stand a chance on American Idol.

Hitler:
A pussy bitch. Hitler tried to save KD by hiding in his bunker. When he realized that the allies would widen his butthole if they found him alive he put a bullet in his skull so no one could get the kill. Fucking loser.

hella:
Hella. Originated from the streets of San Francisco in the Hunters Point neighborhood. It is commonly used in place of "really" or "very" when describing something.

Harry:
An amazing, adorable cutie who will steal your heart. He’s perfect and you just can’t help falling in love with him. Harrys are usually a little awkward, but once you get to know them, they’re the funniest, most caring person you’ll ever meet. If you’ve got a Harry, you may as well have won the lottery, cause you can’t get any better than that.

ho:
A word Santa Clause says three times when he sees your wife, mother and sister together in the same room.

Head:
The part of the body where Thor should've aimed at Thanos in Infinity War.

Henry:
A German or Irish name meaning "Hero" or "Ruler of the home". Henry's are some of the sweetest people once you get to know them. They are also great friends, as they stand up to those who mess with others and would gladly take a bullet for someone they love. Henry's like to mess around with others, especially if they feel close to you and they care about you deeply.Most Henry's have a troubled past and seem to daze off at random times, reflecting on that past.

halo:
1.a religous circular object above ones head 2.a religous circular object put into an xbox

Hollaback Girl:
In order to fully understand what a "hollaback girl" is, one must first understand what it means to "hollaback." When one hollas back, one responds to a verbal insult with their own reciprocal verbal insult. This in itself is not necessarily a negative thing, however to become a "hollaback girl" is something to be avoided. A "hollaback girl" is a girl who responds only with these verbal insults, without ever actually taking it to the next level and kicking some ass. In other words, a hollaback girl is all talk and no walk.This phrase was originally popularized by Gwen Stefani via her song "Hollaback Girl" from her debut solo album L.A.M.B. The song was a response to a comment Courtney Love made about Gwen in an interview with 17 Magazine. Love reportedly stated "Being famous is just like being in high school. But, I'm not interested in being the cheerleader. I'm not interested in being Gwen Stefani. She's the cheerleader, and I'm out in the smoker shed."Gwen, upon hearing this, did not hollaback like a petty cheerleader. She instead came back with Hollaback Girl. In explanation of the song she said "Someone one time called me a cheerleader, negatively, and I've never been a cheerleader. So I was like 'Ok, fuck you, you want me to be a cheerleader? Well I'll be one then. And I'll rule the whole world. Just you watch me.'" This is clearly in reference to Love's comment. And based on "Hollaback Girl"'s success, I'd say Gwen held true to her word and took over the world.

Hollister:
Like Abercrombie & Fitch but more eco-friendly; Hollister realizes you can conserve energy because people don't need the lights on to shop.

Harry Potter:
QUITE POSSIBLY THE GREATEST SERIES OF BOOKS OF ALL TIME

Hypocrite:
Someone who tells people to not do things they themselves do. Worse are those who insult people for doing the same things the do.

Hannah Montana:
Slang for cocaine. Initially used in Atlanta. Made popular in the rap song called "Hannah Montana."

HiGH:
🔥 To be emotionally uplifted..enjoying what the CANNABIS has revealed🔥💨🔥 A creative way of spelling HiGH man....🔥 In the word HiGH the i is lowered because when I'm HiGH my eyes are lowered.

Habbo Hotel:
A chat website overrun with 12 year olds that can have "sex0rz" with their 12 year old (A.K.A 56 yr old paedophiles) "bf" or "gf". They attempt to suck up your money by making you buy "credits" (Creds) so you can buy some shit ass "furni" and join the Habbo club so you can be popular with the GrIlZ111!1!1!11!! and get "laid" and impress your 2cm tall "friends". Sounds great, huh? =P Swearing is "bobbaing" impossible in Habbo Hotel, as every swear word is bleeped out. Sound bad? Not at all... It seems completely fair really, since its overrun with kids, But once you realise it is bleeped out with the word "bobba" you become annoyed, fast. Even if you say a word that isn't actually swearing its messed up by "Bobba" e.g "lass" becomes "lbobba" Hobba. Hobba's are "moderators" (A.K.A fat kids that eat donuts while playing habbo hotel) that ban you for the fucking crappiest reasons. I got banned for saying my real name. Seriously. Hobba's need to be 18, so they probably have no life if they are 18 playing Habbo. People create rooms to have "beauty" contests in and create "Jobs" so they can scam other habbos into giving them their password. This wonderful dish is best not served at all, unless you're 8.

Hoodrat:
a) person who lives and exhibits attitudes of inner city life. usually a negative connotation that implies poor upbringing, bad manners, little to no education and low class behaviorb) Zakiya c)ghetto

hate:
a special kind of love given to people who suck

harry styles:
a very, very, powerful man who can make the world go crazy by just tweeting two letters.

halloween:
celebration where little kids dress up and get candy, teens dress up, get drunk, and go get candy, and adults dress up, get drunk, and give out candy, funny how things all work out.

hick:
A derogatory slang term for lower class whites raised in rural areas, usually within trailer parks or hog farms. Generally used more for Midwesterners than Southerners (see: redneck) General defining characteristics of a hick: Protestant upbringing, usually Baptist; racist and sexist opinions; does not attend collage ; dumber than a post.

homophobe:
Someone who repeatedly whines that homosexuals endanger family values and the sanctity of marriage, until outed as a closet case, desperately afraid of the gay person looking back in the mirror.Someone who calls homosexuality a "lifestyle choice" but their own biology disagrees. Think about it: did you CHOOSE to be straight? As a teenager did you sit down one day and decide whether to be attracted to boys or girls?

Homosexual:
Homosexuals are actually pretty gay

Ham:
Someone who enjoys the attention of others and will do crazy things to get it.

H:
HHHHHHHHHHHH

heart broken:
It's a feeling you can never understand until you experience it.  It is a constant pain and discomfort that you struggle with all day.  It is a sickness in your stomach and a knot in your throat.  It is when eating becomes a battle to swallow and falling asleep becomes inconceivable.  It is unrequited love.  It is the loss of someone you love.  It feels like you lost apart of who you are.  You fight with yourself, trying to convince yourself you are fine.  It's a constant swing in your emotions.  Some moment are better than others.  Sometimes you think it is almost over, but then, just as suddenly you are overwhelmed with a paralyzing pain that forces you stop and rest for a moment.  You are always thinking about the other person.  Imagining how happy they are, while you are barely hanging on.  You think about how they have forgotten about you...  How could it have been so easy for them.  How could they have said they cared about you, but moved on you so effortlessly.  You wonder, "how could you do this...  How could you say you care about me and be so careless with your words and actions?"  Soon these thoughts turn to anger.  Anger that you use to get you through the day.  Anger is what blocks out the saddness.  Hate is the only escape from the saddness you are overwhelmed by.  Unfortunately, the hate is only temporary.  When it eats away at you until there is nothing left, you are back to where you started.  Thinking about them, and how alone you are.  Now you are left to cry, either on the inside or out, and making promises to yourself that you will never let this happen again.

harrison:
the most caring, and loyal boy you will ever meet. will fall for you in a heart beat and will give you butterflies in seconds. once you have him be careful, they’re rare. always keep a harrison in your life because he will give you more support and love than ur momma

Hip Hop:
Hip Hop is a social-political movement created in the late 70's. Hip Hop is a culture to give people who grew up in the ghetto a voice, songs in hip hop are spoken from personal experience. Songs are usually mixed with other genres of music like rock and classical (piano), or with record players and scratchers. Break Dancing and Graffiti is also apart of hip hop as a way to express the people apart of the cultures selves, Freestyling is also a major part of hip hop along with rap battles.

Homewrecker:
A person who is responsible for the break up of a usually big or happy family, usually homewreckers have affairs with an others wife or husband.

Horse:
A four legged creature that a lot of people think they know about. The horses are intelligent animals that are scared easily without proper training, leading to several people getting bucked off and embarassed. To control these beasts a lot of people think using harsh equipment is okay when infact they don't understand their horse, leading the horse to be unhappy and dangerous. A good trainer to instruct horseback riding is a rare find and a horse owner who doesn't train their horse properly is quite common. Horses are expensive animals and quite large, do research if you're considering buying one for yourself.

Hippie:
A Hippie is a person who was raised under the ideological system that came out of the tumultuous 1960's in North America and western Europe. They are either of the flower-child/baby boomer generation or that generations' subsequent offspring. They possess a core belief set revolving around the values of peace and love as being essential in an increasingly globalized society, and they are oftentimes associated with non-violent anti-governmental groups. There is a stigma of drug abuse attached to the hippies that is prevalent to this day, specifically the use and abuse of marijuana and hallucinagens. Many rock movements,poets, artists, and writers from the 1960's to today have associated with this movement, most prominently The Grateful Dead, Bob Dylan, Janis Joplin, and Phish. There are others too numerous to name. The movement, then and now, is considered a sub-culture by sociologists that associates itself with the left in all its political opinions. The conservative right often berates and abuses the opinions of people who associate themselves with the hippie movement and/or lifestyle, as the consider it dangerous and degenerative to a society to favor liberalism to such an extent.

halo 2:
A game that is ironically fun to play even though all it takes to win is to be a pussy and camp with the sword, rocket launcher, sniper rifle, or any combination of the two, AND considering alot of people who play online are whiney bitches who make lame-ass excuses everytime they lose

hippy:
a person who has a bright outlook on life.  They are usually kind, gernerous, caring and loving etc.  Most hippies do care about the environment and are willing to protect and/or improve it.  They also have a peaceful presence about themselves.  This means that their mind is in a peaceful state.  However it should be noted that not all hippies do drugs.  You can still be a hippy without the drugs.

Handjob:
When one person stimulates another person's penis with their hand, usually resulting in ejaculation

Heaven:
A beautiful young lady/women who sustains outer beauty but inner beauty as well. ‘ Heaven ‘ is very ambitious and has goals that she intends on meeting. This young lady/women in 1 in a million💯.

Harley:
Harley is a loud girl who will never shut up. She loves to go crazy and have the time of her life. Even though she might be crazy, loud, and drama free. She does have feelings. She has a big heart and is very caring and she makes a great friend for a shy girl or boy. She is extremely smart and gets shit done. So if your name is Harley and this is you in a paragraph well done sis.

harambe:
An innocent gorilla that was killed because some stupid mother couldn't keep track of her child.

Hayley:
A kind, sometimes shy and quiet girl who has a massive heart and really cares for people. She's only her true self around people she trusts, and that's when she's confident and loud. She's a beautiful girl inside and out, but doesn't believe it at all. Her eyes are the window to her soul, one look and you know how she's feeling and her thoughts. They usually have a sparkle of life, and they're a beautiful colour. She's curvy, which is sexy, but she thinks that she's fat. She rarely has anyone telling her that she's beautiful, so make sure to compliment her.

Helen:
A girl who is shy at first, but very playful and great when you get to know her. Often Helens are used by people.Helen's are usually very smart and talented.They are secretively very sensitive and are likely to remember bad things you did to them.Helen's and beautiful but a lot of people do not realize it because her beauty is hidden by glasses or out shined by her friends who are more noticable due to their big personality, while Helens are shy.Helen never steals boyfriends, and if she also has a crush on someone her friend likes, she will let her friend like him, get over him, and try to set them up.There are a lot of things you do not know about Helens. Sometimes they can keep sad secrets. Once you meet a Helen, you should really try to get to know them because they are awesome.

happiness:
happiness is like peeing in your pants. everyone can see it but only you can feel the warmth.

heart:
Courge or bravery

Heavy Metal:
Contrary to about 400 of the definitions already listed here, Heavy Metal has nothing to do with Marilyn Manson. Heavy Metal is a genre of music inspired by American Blues music, in which people began to exploit the characteristics of the electric guitar to create louder, more discordant sounds. Heavy Metal is characterized by fast tempo, agressive rythm, and grandoise lyrics, often involving such themes as drug abuse, death, or political issues.

Hanna:
An interesting intelligent Russian/Austrian girl with a great sense of humor, stunning looks and amazing personality and shit load of Instagram followers. Hanna's personality is a shot of something not easily find able and good enough to crave for. Hanna is also short and flat chested she likes working in the rain. Hanna's favorite number is 9999 (also her tag Hanna#9999) and people keep telling her she looks good. She really likes Oliver Heldens and wants to become a DJ.

Hockey:
A sport that requires people to hit a small disc or Puck around with sticks while the players are on ice. The game was invented by Canadians and they tend to call it the best sport ever and anything american is terrible. But I'm American and actually like Hockey just as much as I like Baseball, so I'm a true fan because I like sports and not bitch about which sport is better or not. Sadly ESPN or any other sports channel doesn't want to show the damn game because they don't like it as much as Handegg, which is really a stupid sport.

hood:
Adjective: Someone who is from an inner city and expresses the essence of urban culture. Not to be confused with ghetto because a person can be hood but not ghetto at all. Describing a person as 'hood" can be a positive compliment but describing someone as ghetto is usually derogatory. Many people that are "hood" are successful, classy individuals who not only survived the perils of the inner city but love their hometown and have a desire to make it better for everyone there. Whereas people described as ghetto are usually poor, trashy and uncouth. Back in the day, many "ghetto" people lived in the projects. "Hood" describes people from the hood who were raised with the hip hop era but are not and have never been ghetto. Many grew up in middle class households in the hood. They are home boys and home girls.

Homophobia:
The fear that gay men will treat you the way you treat women.

Hugo:
A sensitive guy who can sometimes let his feelings get the better of him. He’s super loyal and once he finds a friend, they’re stuck with him forever! Sporty and can’t stop eating. Hugo’s are always there for you and will never let you go. If you let him down though, boy you’re in for it. Very protective of the ones he loves but doesn’t show that side of him to often. Loves a good footy game with the mates.

hot pockets:
1. The most delicious form of evil. It tastes, looks, and smells good, but you practicly die of burns when you take a bite if you don't wait 5 minutes.

Hardcore:
Intense.  Relentless.

hypebeast:
Someone who loves trends, especially the ones on shoes and clothing. You can spot hypebeasts wearing Supreme/Thrasher shirts, Yeezy’s, etc. They are more likely to be fuckboys.

hummer:
More than a blowjob; it's when a girl actually hums (thus vibrating her lips) when her mouth has encased your engorged penis or balls.

High School Musical:
A terrible movie that has become a phenomenon. The reason why is because parents are too protective and sheltering of their kids nowadays, and middle school kids and anyone younger is curious and asking questions about what high school is like. Instead of using more realistic movies based on high school life like Fast Times At Ridgemont High or Superbad, they use this shit as an example. This movie makes them super happy and optimistic, they become obsessed with it, which has made it probably the most overrated and overmarketed movies of all time.  This is probably one of the main reasons why High School Freshmen have a tendency to act so retarded, because they are convinced that High School is like some 'fairy tale musical'. High School students should(hopefully) know better. Anyone over the age of 14 who likes this movie should be slapped.  

Halo 3:
The leading cause of divorce in America.

Hazel:
Looks quiet and shy to strangers, but once you're familiar with her you'll know that she's really playful and outgoing... Always wanting to have fun and also rather pretty.

Heidi:
Heidi is the best. All of the guys wish they could get a girl like Heidi, but there aren’t any. She is better than any Hannah, Abigail, Ella, Riley, or Katelyn you will ever meet. Her name isn’t typical, and neither is she. Heidi is the smartest girl you will ever meet. She is kind and extremely generous. Not only is Heidi beautiful on the inside, she’s beautiful on the outside too. Heidi has a perfect smile taht can make anyone’s day. She has killa curves that will get any guy. Heidi is the dream girl. I know a Heidi, and she is literally perfect.

hookup:
1.) hookup (v)other spellings/forms:hook-up, hook up, hooked up, hooking up To have any form of intamicy with a member of the prefered sex that you don't consider a significant other. Usually, when said by modern youth it means to make out, and when said by people between the ages of 20 and 35 it generally means to have sex, and if a very old person says it, it probbably means to simply spend time with somebody. 2.) hookup (v)other spellings/forms:hooked up, hooking up, hook (pronoun) up To give or sell something to somebody, usually in reference to drugs 3.) hookup (n)Other spellings/forms:hookups, hook-up(s), hook up(s) A reference; a person capable of doing something; a connection

HYPHY:
Main Entry: hyphyPronunciation: "HIGH-fee"Function: adjective Etymology: Etymology: San Francisco Bay Area, shortened perhaps from English dialect "hyperactive"; other sources cite a combination of "hype" and "fly." Popularized by E-40 and the Federation's song "Hyphy" (2004); first known use on record by Keak Da Sneak in 1998 (on "Cool," from his LP Sneakacidle).1 : dangerous and irrational: CRAZY;2 : amusingly eccentric; without inhibition: GOOFY

Hard:
1. Hard (n) ghetto slang for crack cocainee2. Hard (adj). Gangster slang for Awesome, cool, amazing. Also "to go hard"

Herb:
1. To be wack. Worthy of being mocked. Weak, chumpish, and generally to be avoided.2. Mocking term of friends and/ or enemies.It's origins lie in New York City, and with a national commercial campaign by Burger King where it stated "Don't be a herb, get the Whopper." In it Herb was a combination of a nerd and a moron.

Hardcore Dancing:
a grouping of several codified dances often seen performed at hardcore shows.the moves will vary with specific subgenre of hardcore, the politics of the scene involved, and individual choces of those dancing.

Homsar:
1. A song from the 60s2. One who thinks he can twice3. One who was raised by a cup of coffee4. One whose Jenga ship was shanked5. One who tapes a spoon to an eggplant for a pumpkin carving contest6. One whose hat repeatedly flies off his head and majestically back on in a circular motion while he utters nonsense

Homie:
Someone who will always be your favorite person even if they were a total bitch.

hero:
noun.A word that has recently been overused in the American English vocabulary. It has been automatically bestowed upon people in the law enforcement, armed forces, or fire/rescue services, as well as presidents. I.e. police officers, soldiers, and fire fighters and paramedics. A hero, however, does not require wearing a uniform or be involved in such professions listed above.The basic definition of a hero is one who does not recognize such declarations bestowed upon them by others and accomplishes an act or acts which are deemed extraordinary and exceeds the call of duty. This act or acts usually involves the intention or consequence of saving another person(s) life or rescuing another from impending harm.

Hollister Co:
     Hollister Co. is a clothing line brought to you by Abercrombie & Fitch.  The Hollister store is all about setting and imagery.  Every store entrance is sheltered by a small spanish tile roof that appears to have been weathered over the years of tropical storms, and the golden bake of the sun.       Stores are filled with tropical florals, mostly palmish faux plants that give you the feeling of being whisked away to a far off place with sandy beaches and good times.  Depending on the season the store always has a fresh aroma hovering over its apparel giving off a sense of lush cleanliness and exclusivity.     The lighting is dim inside the surfer hut where various clothing items are emblazened with golden spot lighting.  A plethera of pop culture magazines and happy go lucky albums are lined in small cubby's along the front of the counter, and surf boards are hung behind the cashiers on the sea blue wooden tounge and groove walls.     Loud music plays throughout, and there are plenty of plump leather arm chairs to sit in simply to relax and enjoy the experience.  The seating area closely resembles a seating arangement in a cabin around a warm fire, with plush plaid blankets flung over worn leather chairs and aged southwestern rugs strategically placed along the painted hardwood floors.     Hollister Co. is a personal get away, where you can experience the feel of coastal culture in your own suburban backyard.  Just a few minutes in the store will give you the feeling that you've just reached your vacation destination where you can let loose and enjoy the layed back life style.     All of the clothing items have a worn in weathered look to them like they've all been hand washed with nothing more than sea foam and a bar of hand soap.  With truly unique fittings and styles... Hollister tends to be a trend setter when it comes to lifestyle clothing brands.  All clothing is made of top notch material for durability and quality.     Some are turned off more by the staff than by the actual company itself.  Hollister advertises a certain youthful sexiness that sadly attracts a less than humble crew to stock shelves and stand around idly in self absortion while you roam around in the store and soak it up for yourself.  However, if you can see past the mild sense of vanity that plagues the staffers... you will most likely find that Hollister is a quite enjoyable place for the  youthful shopper.  

Head ass:
A term used to describe some who does or says something illiterate or when someone says something you don't like you add head ass at the end of your joke

Helena:
The shining bright light. A one of a kind girl, a soul so out of this world that you cannot find anyone like her! Helena doesn’t like to be like everyone else, she prefers to stand out from the crowd. Very bubbly and outgoing even though she likes to keep her circle small, an extremely loyal individual to the people she truly cares about. Helena can be childish at times but she is also very mature. She has the MOST beautiful hair, her makeup skills are always on point and her taste in music is fire! She’s extremely talented and loves to express herself through Dancing, Art & Fashion. She’s very chill most of the time but she is also very athletic and adventurous.

homo:
1. prefix: from the greek homos, it means "the same". From the Latin homo, it means "man"2. A derogatory term for a gay man.

hun:
short for honey, an endearing term 

Hobosexual:
Person who jumps into relationships to have a place to live.

Hamilton:
Ten dollar, founding father without a father. Got a lot farther by working a lot harder, by being a lot smarter, by being a self-starter. By fourteen, they placed him in charge of a trading charter. And every day while slaves were being slaughtered and carted away, across the waves, he struggled and kept his guard up. Inside he was looking for something to be a part of. The brother was ready to beg, steal, borrow, or barter.

heck:
Where you go to if you don't believe in Gosh.

huggle:
a cross between a hug and a cuddle

Hamster:
A small, furry rodent. A popular household pet, the hamster comes in five different species: the Syrian hamster, the true dwarf hamsters (Campbell's Russian/Djungarian, Winter White, and Roborovski) and the Chinese dwarf hamster (which has a prehensile tail, unlike its bob-tailed counterparts). The little creatures like to store food in their cheek pouches, which can also contain plans for world domination. The hamster is nocturnal, and if it has access to a wheel, it will run all not, which can bother the owner, unless the owner has a silent wheel. Hamsters are coprophagic, which means they eat their own fecal matter. Hamsters do not belong in microwaves.

Hot Dog:
A name for a small dick that's the size of a Hot Dog. The fact is having a little weiner is most common in the Ross Ohio area.

Happy:
The feeling when your heart overflows with the joy of living and being able to just be free and have fun.

hit:
Verb:1. To have sex with; fuck

hoebag:
1. A female who loves penis in general.  2. A female who will do anything sexually with any penis.

Honey:
Honey is always there for someone who needs her help, she can give good advice, she's really supportive in whatever decisions you make. Definitely fun to be around. She has a bubbly personality and can always have a good laugh with her. Boys be careful with this one if your ever going to try and play her she'll play you ten times better

Him:
That guy you can not stop thinking about. He drives you insane with his eyes and his hair that falls or sways just right. He makes you smile. Makes you sad too. You think he doesn't care when he claims he does. He makes you pull your hair out but he can also calm you down in the most ragged situation.

Haylee:
Most often, a smart and quiet girl with stunning eyes. Haylee’s are shy until you get to know them, then they become outgoing and hysterical girls. Most Haylee’s are girly, but have a tomboy side; taking interest in games and/or sports. She is often mistaken as something she’s not, is always misunderstood, and is seen differently by everyone. Haylee is someone who distrusts, someone who is hard to understand, and you may just give up trying to figure her out. She always cares for others and listens to them, but the favor is never returned. Haylee is the name for someone who is tough, feisty, adorable, sympathetic, sexy, shy, girly but tomboyish, someone who has a big heart and is a great friend. Get to know a Haylee if you find one, they will be your best friend for life. :

Hooker:
A female that sells her body for money at 3 in the morning .

Hector:
A guy that's really respectful of girls. He doesn't like seeing people down or hurt and can make anyone laugh. He's very trustworthy , he's a great friend and you can count on him for anything. They're cuties too. But everyone needs one of these kiddos.

hawks:
This nice asshole is from MHA and loves food. Did I mention he can also fly?

Honda:
makes great cars, ricers destroyed the name though

hack:
someone that is fake or copies others see: dane cook

homiesexual:
its a sexuality where we homies but it aint gay cause we’re just homies

hug:
A hug can be between friends, relatives, man and woman, and human and animal, as well as animal to animal. A hug is an expression of warmth and friendliness with arms outstretched around the other. Hugs are used as an expression of love, kindness, sympathy, friendliness, greetings and used sometimes to say goodbye. Hugs, or cuddles provide a sense of intimacy. If there is chemistry between two people when hugging, then a tingling sensation can occur.

Homeslice:
A very close friend whom you have known for a long time.

Harvey:
To have a visible and quite noticeable semi-erection when in public.

hand:
An alternative to having a girlfriend

home:
A place where I can poop for however long I desire.

Homestar Runner:
The main character of homestarrunner.com that has a speech inpediment that does not allow him to say "r" properly.  He has no arms, wears a red t-shirt with a star on it, and has long legs that appear to end in white shoes with blue bottoms.  He is also bleach white with an underbite and black eyes.  He wears a beanie cap with a propeller on it, in which he has installed hydraulics, a light, and a song that plays whenever the propellor is spun.  Homestar Runner is a teriffic athlete and has a girlfriend named Marzipan, who also has no arms.  He lives in Free Country, USA, possibly in the black area on the right of Strong Bad's email answering space.  He is not intelligent, but he is in a constant state of bliss, and has never truly been cruel to anyone.  Almost everything he says is pure gold.

Hanging Wedgie:
When someone is hanged from their underwear.I am a girl and was a huge victim to wedgies.And this is a true story.I was in school one day wearing My Little Pony panties. And someone saw my panties sticking out from my shorts. Her and her friend stripped me while one covered my mouth with tape. They tied up my hands and then they hooked my panties onto the flagpole. Everyone was laughing and taking pictures of me in my bra and panties. I was embarrassed and then I ended up peeing myself. At the end of the day I thought they would let me down but they left me in my hanging wedgie and my panties were stretched and soaked. I stayed up there for an entire day until my parents found me.

hotbox:
A hotbox is an air-tight room or vehicle that contains one or more pot-smokers smoking one or more joints. The exhaled smoke and the smoke coming from the joint, unable to escape, circulates and thus is breathed in and is not wasted. Smokers in a hotbox may find themselves totally fucked beyond the point of speech after about 30 minutes. Hotboxing is an event that requires some amount of planning, but ensures optimal weed usage.

hacker:
A person skilled with the use of computers that uses his talents to gain knowledge.  Tere are three classifications of hackers: White-hat (hacking for the enjoyment of exploration) Black-hat (hacking to find exploits and system weaknesses, see cracker) and Grey-hat (someone who is a little of both)

Hillary Clinton:
Former first lady of the United States. She is married to former president Bill Clinton.

heartbreak:
Heartbreak is the worst feeling in the world and you don't know how painful it feels untill you experient it, it feels like your heart is literally breaking like it's shattered into a million pieces and you feel empty and lonely and it makes you want to not live anymore. It happens when the person you love lied to you or left you and say they don't love or care about you and it hurts like hell because you can't get over them and all you want is them. You can't sleep because you are crying to much and all you think about is them and can't get them out of your head no matter how hard you try. It feels like the world is coming to an end and you don't know what to do anymore, like there is no point in living and it feels like there is no one to talk to and that nothing can ever make you happy again. This is honestly the most horrible feeling in the world and i would rather have had fallen out of a tree and broken my both my arms.

hey:
A contraction for "Hello, I find you attractive and would like to dance with you, share some drinks with you, and then perhaps have sex with you.  Nothing serious, of course, and I doubt that this will result in a long term relationship, but I would appeciate you considering my proposal."

Hana:
Hana is the most beautiful, intelligent, caring, considerate, loving, awesome person to know. Without her there isn’t any point of life. Although she may be a little bit quirky sometimes she’ll always have it best interest at heart and will make sure you have the best day possible with the most amazing heart warming smile. She absolutely loves dogs and will do anything for them. Even though she may not be the happiest at times she’ll always find a way to put a smile on my face and the face of many others. She has the biggest heart in the world and she is just perfect in every single way possible cause she is Hana❤️

hawthorne heights:
 A band that was a good band. Had some nice guitar riffs, some memorable lyrics, they had a talented guitarist/screamer(Casey Calvert). unfortunately Casey Calvert died. After not showing up to a sound check with the rest of the band, he was found dead. He was a good man and never did any drugs and was a vegetarian.  It might be possible he died of an asthma attack, as he did use an inhaler. All I know is you shouldn't call people emo fags for being sad about this.  I mean thee is a difference in crying all the time about nothing and being sad that someone who affected your dies.

honky:
"Honky" is a racial epithet. It was made popular in the 1970s by a man named George Jefferson. You see, he and his wife owned a dry-cleaning business, so they moved on up to the east side, to a deluxe apartment in the sky. They finally got a piece of the pie.

HMU:
Hit me up or (Text, hangout, call) me.

Hudson:
The definition of a pure athlete he's cool, nice, sweet, and big hearted very generous and always there for people. Often a best friend to many people.

Hoss:
The origin of this word is from the hit NBC TV show Bonanza a western series that ran from September 12, 1959 to January 16, 1973.Dan Blocker – Eric "Hoss" Cartwright was a featured character and his demeanor and attitude was a kind and gentle soul for a really big guy. So now it has been used as a term of endearment of Brotherhood or Respect to a fellow person weather they are familiar with the person or not.

help:
i have been trapped in urban dictionaryi am running out of fresh water and i will most likely be dead by morning send help asapon the bright side im learning some new words

hook:
Catchy part of a song that draws in the listener. not necessarily the chrous.

House:
One of the smartest medical dramas to ever have aired, House, M.D. features the maverick, anti-social doctor Gregory House (Hugh Laurie) who specializes in infectious diseases and does whatever it takes to solve the puzzling cases that come his way.   A show that should rob this year's Emmys if not for its sheer quality then for Laurie's brilliant acting.

horndog:
Used to describe someone that is horny, usually in a comical sense.

hot mess:
When ones thoughts or appearance are in a state of disarray but they maintain an undeniable attractiveness or beauty.

homophobic:
adj., Descriptive of one exhibiting a condition known as Homophobia:  1. (From homo, meaning "man", and phobe, meaning fear), adj. Realizing that mankind is dangerous. Possibly related to agoraphobic.  2. An insult made up by ijits pretending to know Latin - unaware of the difference between homo and homos - for use during childish name-calling disputes with other childish, name-calling ijits.  N. form: homophobe.

homer simpson:
Possibly the greatest man who ever lived.

hobknocker:
someone who knocks your hobs

Hag:
An unattractive, middle-aged (or slightly older) woman. The term is commonly used to describe hysterical or ugly women in positions of power.

hangover:
Nausea and headaches often caused by way too much fucking alcohol.Can be identified by the ashtray in ones mouth,the vomit on last nights clothes,the want to never drink or eat again,the great dislike of sunlight, the undesirealbe urge to apologise to all the people you spent the night with, the stranger in your bed and need for a glass of water and many many asprin

hangry:
When you haven't eaten in a while, and then you become really angry/mad. That's why it's "hangry"- hungry + angry.

half life 2:
The best thing to happen to computers since the cd-rom drive!

Honeypot:
A honeypot is a network-attached system set up as a decoy to lure cyberattackers and to detect, deflect or study hacking attempts in order to gain unauthorized access to information systems. The same goes vice versa, in which a hacker tries to distract a, e.G. , Company with a mock-up hack, to proceed to the main hack, of which the, e.G. , company doesn’t know about.

houdini:
As a man reaches climax whilst in the "doggie style" position, the man pulls out and spits on their partner's back, fooling them into thinking that he has ejaculated, however, when their partner turns around, the man lets loose his baby yoghurt in his partner's face.

Hooters:
Hooters is another way of saying boobs. Boobs are a woman's breasts.They secrete milk after pregnancy, and are very sexually attractive to men. Men find women's boobs attractive for biological and evolutionary reasons, they signal to men that the woman who has them is nutritionally healthy, youthful, and able to have a baby. So, boobs may be one of the main factors of sexual attraction between men and women that leads to reproduction and the continued survival of humans.Playing with their boobs during sex can be arousing for women. Because of their attractiveness, boobs are often times used by women to get men's attention, or to get them to do something. Men have been known to go to extreme lengths just for a woman's boobs.

hammers:
Any refrence to a gun

Internet:
A virtual place where everyone feels they have the right to force their opinions, offend, and engage in verbal barbarism between other users

Ian:
The kind of guy who will piss you off then make you laugh.

Isaac:
Literally the best thing that will ever happen to you. Although literally everybody he comes into contact with either ends up becoming friends with him within a matter of days or falling madly in love with him, he remains down-to-earth, kind, and completely oblivious to how much everyone loves him. He's hilarious, sweet, and the best person to just sit down and have a really deep conversation about anything with. Say what you want-he won't judge. Isaac is also unimaginably talented, and is killer at drums, guitar, and pretty much any other instrument he touches. Although his perfection is almost overwhelming, it's somehow still easy to talk and joke with him like you've been best friends for years. If you find yourself an Isaac, make sure to hold on tight-there's nobody quite like him out there, and you'll most definitely regret letting him go if you do.

ipod:
A rectangle that holds music, videos, or photos. Contrary to popular belief, it is not the Anti-Christ or the cause of the downfall of Western civilization. I purchased one so I can have my entire CD collection in the palm of my hand, not so I can say OMGZ LoOk At My Nu iPoD!!11

Isabella:
Isabella is a pretty, energetic, smart, bubbly girl with an awesome personality! Isabellas are usually brunettes though sometimes blond, with hazel eyes that change color. Isabella has a sense of humor that can lighten the mood of a dark situation. Isabellas are usually not "popular" but a lot of people know who she is and has a lot of friends. Isabellas may seem happy and excited on the outside, but they have a sadness inside that they keep hidden. They usually have self-esteem issues but keep them hidden. Usually don't feel comfortable in their own bodies and wish they were skinnier. Isabellas have great taste in music and listen to bands like MCR, P!ATD, SWS, PTV, FIR,FOB, and basically loves all emo music. isabellas are great people to confide in, and will give you great advice. If you have an Isabella in your life, be her friend. You won't regret it.

Italian:
La migliore nazionalità di sempre.

Iron Maiden:
The greatest metal band of all time. A NWOBHM band that has defined all metal we know today (excluding Nu-Metal). Iron Maiden (along with the also immortal Judas Priest , Thin Lizzy, and Motorhead)  influenced every 80s and 90s thrash band (including Metallica, Slayer, Pantera, and most noticeably Iced Earth) and invented the Power Metal genre (even though technically IM is neither thrash metal nor power metal). Their best albums are the golden trio: Number of the Beast, Piece of Mind, and Powerslave. Their two new albums, Brave New World and Dance of Death, also kick fucking ass. Their best song, fuck it, THE BEST METAL SONG EVER MADE is Hallowed be Thy Name.

Izzy:
She is a beautiful person inside and out. She'll make you laugh till you run out of breath. She is often random and rowdy but you can't help but love her anyways.Often straying from the normal things in life she likes to think outside the box, and often does. She sees things unlike any other person you will ever meet because her mind is so complex. She doesn't see things in black and white and never gives a fuck what people think of her. Although she's extremely smart she'll make you find it out for yourself, meaning you should never get on her bad side. If you make this girl angry she'll make you're life a living hell because she never losses a fight. never. Despite that she's all together a really nice person and has many friends. Everybody loves her. She's a great best friend and a better girlfriend.

indie:
The term: Short for independent rock. In terms of music it would be independent of major labels/mainstream stuff. History: grew out from 60s garage, 70s punk, and 80s post punk it started in the mid 80s as alternative/college radio music. Once nirvana hit big the alternative genre split: the popular side was just alternative(Smashing Pumpkins, Hole, No Doubt, etc.) and the other half that wasn't mainstream(by choice or not) became indie rock(Pavement, Sebadoh, Built To Spill, etc). Some bands have signed to major labels but are still considered indie(Modest Mouse, etc.). Go figure. Sound: In the begining indie sounded like alternative(because it was) but it grew more experimental and weird. In Britain indie has more of a typical sound like Radiohead, Muse, etc. rather than a definition based on 'the scene.' The scene: if you really think all indie kids do is try to be cooler than other people then... well.. you're mostly right. The main point is, don't take the scene and the whole hipster attitude seriously. No one does. And if you do, well, then I'm cooler than you.

Isabel:
An insanely amazing, awesome girl who doesn't realise how awesome and how cool of a person she is at time. Can be a douche at times, and can be one of the kindest, sweetest people to you depending on how well you know her. She's also extremely beautiful but is defiant in believing so herself. Has beautiful eyes, and an amazing gift for stringed instruments and poetry. Can be very misunderstood but is amazing at understand other people and the world around her. If you are lucky enough to know her, it won't take much time for her to become one of your best friends and someone you probably can't live without.

Isaiah:
The guy who can make even the saddest person laugh. He has an amazing personality, very funny, and very cute. He always seems to have a twinkle in his eye. He is very out going but is also very quiet. He may seem aggressive but it takes a very special person to see the sweet person he really is and bring out the hopeless romantic he is. Anyone who is lucky enough to have an Isaiah in their life is very lucky and should Charish him.

Islam:
The religion of peace. It’s followers are called Muslims where they believe there is only one god worthy to be worshiped called “Allah”. They also believe greatly in the last and final messenger Muhammad (peace and blessings be upon him) to guide mankind to the correct path. :)

idiot:
Anyone who belongs to and/or elects to join a village comprising of idiots

Ivan:
Bae

Irish:
Adjective used to describe the bravest men, the most beautiful women, the loveliest landscape, and the best whiskey ever to bless the Earth.Used in most countries to describe what they wish they were.

IB:
A.K.A. International Baccalaureate - A malicious program aimed at the unnaturally brighter population in an attempt to overload their brains, thus reducing them to vegetables without lives.  However, a true IB student will respond by adapting and bsing their way through.

Isabelle:
Listens to music all the time to ignore people she doesn't like. A sweet and caring girl who refuses to accept that she's gorgeous. Who is willing to fight anybody who hurts the people she loves. Absolutely hilarious. She has a great sense of knowing when something is wrong with others. And is always there when someone needs her

internet explorer:
A simple Windows XP tool which allows the user to browse to Mozilla.com and download Firefox, a web browser.

iphone:
a device that gets bigger every year

Incest:
Having sex with members of ones own family.

I Love You:
The three hardest words to say in the English Language.

Indie Kid:
Everyone has this definition for indie kids and how we dress, but no, you have NO IDEA. So here's the real fucking definition. Indie kids listen to indie music. That's it. We don't all have wavy hair, or dress like we don't give a shit. We're not all elitist and we're not all artsy types. We're DIFFERENT. We're INDEPENDENT. It's about the music, not the clothes. Some couldn't care less, some put some time into it. Doesn't matter. 

Isis:
A beautiful, young talented girl that will dream of the big things and reach her goals. Isis is a beautiful Egyptian goddess, Isis is loyal, caring, smart, has a beautiful body. And will have the courage to help others even if not needed. ISIS is short, wild among her friends, very thick, and trustful. Isis's are mostly the best to be in a relationship with. She's very respectful and a jealous type. Isis's on the ones to not care about what people say if she wants to do something she'll do it. An Isis is always the one to pursue her dreams.

India:
India is a country. 

Instagram:
Instagram is like a fridge.You keep opening and closing it every few minutes to see if there’s anything good when you get bored.

idk:
A mysterious abbreviation. No one actually seems to know what it means.

It:
a very funny movie about a few boys and a clown who celebrate together and develop friendship. For children under age of 8.

illuminati:
Something everyone screams when theres a triangle.

Invader Zim:
It was Nick's last hope.

Indiana:
Commonly known for: corn, basketball, Michael Jackson, James Dean, long drives, insane weather, racing and some rednecks. There is a lot more in Indiana. Good original music and some of the nicest people you will ever meet live here. It's often considered a boring state but if you really just want to have a relaxed weekend, go kick it back with the Hoosiers.

Ireland:
Tremendous Island Nation.Seeing as Ireland's economy is on the rocks at the moment I though it'd be nice to remember some of the things that we can be proud of while we're on the road to recovery! (Oh and while I'm bored offshore!)There's a disproportionately high amount of stuff to be proud of for such a small country... IRELAND IS AWESOME!!!Literature:1: Seamus Heaney (Yes England your Poet Laureate was once Irish! )2: WB Yeats3: George Bernard Shaw4: Brian Friel 5: James Joyce (Possibly the most significant writer of the 20th Century)6: Jonathan Swift7: Samuel BeckettEntertainment and Arts:Where do we start here?!1: U22: Enya3: Riverdance4: Daniel O Donnell5: The Chieftans6: Van Morrisson7: Damien Rice8: The Corrs 9: Sinead O' Connor10: Clannad11: The Cranberries12: Westlife13: Boyzone 14: The Pogues/Shane McGowan (Christmas just wouldn't be the same without them now would it?!)15: Seven... Yes SEVEN Eurovision wins. Who else has done that???16: Johnny LoganScience and Exploration:1: Robert Boyle (Boyles law's)2: John Tyndall (Now you know why the sky is blue!)3: Ernest Walton (Nuclear physicist)4: Lord Kelvin.... Now why does "Kelvin" sound familiar???5: Ernest Shackleton... Enough Said!Sports:1: Munster Rugby2: Irelands rugby team. Grand Slam Winners 20093: Padraig Harrington. (Golfing Sensation)4: Irelands Cricket Team (Surprisingly successful all of a sudden!)Heritage:We have three. Yes THREE UNESCO World Heritage Sites!!!1: Skellig Michael2: Bend of the Boyne3: The Giants CausewayThat's all I can think of for now. Pretty amazing for 15mins research online. =D" Ireland, IRELAND, together standing tall.Shoulder, to shoulder....We'll answer IRELAND's CALL!!! "

Irony:
One of the most misused words in the entire English language. There are several types of irony. Socratic irony - When someone pretends to be naive about a certain subject, and uses his questions about it to point out a flaw in the established belief.  This is often used on the TV show South Park, where the children often ask questions about a situation until the folly in a parent's decision becomes clear. Sarcasm - Understatement, mocking overstatement, or heavy-handed irony (stating the flat opposite of the truth) where both parties are aware of the difference between what's said and what's actually happening. Situational Irony - The irony that most people think of.  A difference between what you expect to happen (in a story, for example) and what actually happens.  Rain on your wedding day would be a sort-of example, because a wedding day is generally expected to be a perfect, happy day.  The good advice you didn't take, however, would NOT be irony, because that has nothing to do with what is expected and what isn't expected.  A traffic jam when you're already late wouldn't be irony either; there's no automatic expectation that traffic will be fine, just because you happen to be late. Irony of Fate - The concept that the Gods, Fates, etc. are toying with humans for amusement by using irony.  Beethoven's loss of hearing is a famous example; one would expect a composer to be able to hear his compositions, but fate denied him that ability. Tragic (Dramatic) Irony - When the audience knows something that some of the characters don't know in a play/movie/novel/whatever. For example, when the horror flick psycho is in the house and the homeowner just goes in without suspecting anything.

Ignorant:
Means that you have a lack of knowledge, information or awareness about something in particular....It Does not mean that someone is ignoring you! O.O

icp:
Insanely Comfortable Pants

Inuyasha:
Kagome Higurashi, after being pulled down a well by a demon, finds herself in Feudal Japan, where she learns that a powerful jewel has been reborn inside her body. After the sacred jewel shatters in an attempt to retrieve it from one of the many demons who was after its power, Kagome must join forces with the half-demon Inuyasha (also after the jewel's power) to track down the shards of the jewel before its power falls into the wrong hands.

insane clown posse:
a rap/metal duo that look like Ronald MC Donald and his fat boyfriend that eats too much big macs.

ice:
1)- Frozen water, used to cool drinks or for medical healing during athletic competition 2)- Expensive jewelry, usually in the form of diamonds that is worn in either necklace, ring, chain, or earrings  3)- To kill or murder someone 4)- Methamphetamines, illicit street drugs

Insanity:
The definition of insanity, is, doing the exact same fucking thing over and over again, expecting shit to change. That. Is. Crazy.

Ivy:
A beautiful and cute girl, who is very forgiving, and will love you no matter how you treat her. She is a shy, cute, down to earth girl. However, can be very outgoing, fun to be around, wild, and weird when befriended. She catches people's eyes. She loves animals, art, outdoors, and being surrounded by nature.She is smart, but does not try very hard. Lazy at times, but still tries. She is hardworking and when doing something she loves.Doesn't talk a lot about herself, and listens to other people. She gets sad really easily, but most of the time tries to hide it. She has a fragile sole. Smiles all the time. She isn't fake. She is one of the sweetest people you'll find.

ily:
I love you

iPad:
Apple's revolutionary new sanitary napkin device for females. The iPad senses when it's that time of the month and automatically sends a message to a pre-programmed phone number, letting your man know that he's not getting sex tonight. Sensors tuned in to your brainwaves can accurately forecast your mood up to 12 hours in advance, automatically queueing up The Notebook in your Netflix video on demand while simultaneously ordering chocolate to be delivered to your front door.Forget tampons. Try the iPad today!

Iris:
Very creative and will always be by your side. Sometimes lets her feelings get in her way. A good friend, sometimes has anger issues. Still great.

iReady:
a website that is made by brainwashed people and tries to give you "education" but it doesn't at all

italy:
A sun-kissed peninsula in southern Europe. The center of european civilization for millenia. Home of the finest art, cusine, fashion, and automobiles on earth. Most italians seem to really enjoy life, despite the fact that hardly any italian toilets work. Even the turds don't want to leave!

Incubus:
 A man tempter and the counterpart to a Succubus. He is thought to seek sexual intercourse with sleeping women. The Incubus (as well as Succubus) were thought to be fallen angels, looking foir revenge. Demons, witches and deformed children were the supposed outcome of intercourse with a Incubus (succubus). Merlin is thought to be the outcome of such an interaction.

Imogen:
Imogens are soooo cute and adorable. Their singing voices are really beautiful and sweet, you could just sit and listen to her singing all day. Imogen’s are super pretty on the inside and out, if one walks past you, you just stop and stare for a moment to admire how pretty they are. They are so caring and kind, they are always there for you when you need them most, they can make a huge impact on your life in just one conversation.They have a great sense of humour and always tend to make you smile or laugh. You can always trust her and she makes you feel so special. It’s like as if all your fears go away when talking with her. If you have a friend or more than that called Imogen, never let them go, they really are something amazing that you will love getting to know and will love getting closer to

Iraq:
A country that, while liberated by the 'shoot first' phase, is rapidly deteriorating during the 'ask questions later' phase.

immature:
What one redneck says to another when he wants his chair back.

idgaf:
I don't give a fuck something to say when someone is bugging you about something you don't care.

In love:
It's that absurd yet extravagant feeling you get for someone. It's not necessarily build upon the fact that you knew that person for years, maybe you met recently and got to know each other and then got struck with that feeling. That feeling that you can't imagine your life without them in it. Can't spend a day without contacting them. That no matter how many times they hurt and mistreated you, you simply just can't get mad at them. Can't regret that you met them even though they are the reason behind your blues. A feeling that you can't avoid, it will forever chase you, no matter how many times you deny it; deep inside you know that you simply can't and don't want to get over them. And that's when you can be sure that you're ridiculously in-love.

Inbred:
One who's family tree goes in a straight line.

Israel:
According To The Altered Torah : The Land Promised By God To The Jews. According To US, Britian, And UN : The Only Safe Haven For The Jews. In Reality : A Country Formed By The Blood Of The Palestinians.

incel:
"Involuntary Celibate". A frustrated virgin who feels as if the world owes them sex. A self-described 'incel' is highly likely to blame their virginity on the other 6,999,999,999 people on the planet rather than consider that maybe the problem lies inward.

Icecream:
What we all love, I love me some icecream!

Insomnia:
The inability to sleep like regular individuals. As much as you tell yourself you’ll sleep that night, your mind just won’t shut down. Medications won’t work, meditation helps. (It’s all in your little crazy head.)Insomniac: FUCK! It’s 3 am.. Oh well.. looks like I won’t be sleeping. *Grabs phone, Clicks on Pornhub Video*Fuck yeah.

I love you more:
Michael Jackson's answer to a love declaring.RIP MJ - Heal the world!

Ig:
This could either I mean 'I guess' or 'Instagram' depending on the conversation.

Imani:
A beautiful female who is shy but very kind. She's mysterious and not many know much about her. She's beyond smart and is surprisingly actually very wise. She can be sensitive but she hides her emotions well unless she's fed up with things. She's very cool to be around and actually funny. She's caring and considerate and cares most about her friends and family. You can trust her with anything and know whatever she says she means whether good (or bad). But don't let her good side fool you.

iCarly:
This show is hilarious. All of the people writing these definitions of iCarly must have it confused it with a Disney channel show. iCarly is my favorite show in the world!

ice cube:
Truly the wrong nigga to fuck with

Idaho:
(Noun) a place where half of the population wears sweaters and snow boots year round. And the other half wears shorts and tank tops all year round. And both are correct.

indian:
A person of country India

Iron Man:
A Genius Billionaire Playboy Philanthropist.

Irene:
An Irene is funny, smart, beautiful and gets along well with others! She is the type of person you go to for advice. Irene is the motherly type. But don't mess with her she's one tough cookie!

IRA:
Irish Republican Army; a militant organization of Irish nationalists founded with the aim of striving for a united independent Ireland by means of guerrilla warfare.

i:
A letter Apple really seems to enjoy putting in front of every single product they sell.

izzle:
a suffix added to the end of words that makes them more legit. 

Illinois:
A state that feels more like a large city surrounded by farmland.  Most people who live in this state feel that it is divided into two areas--Chicago and Downstate.  Although the official state capital is Springfield, just about everything gets done in Chicago.  In fact, some out-of-staters actually believe that the capital of Illinois is Chicago.  Because of this, and many other things, most "downstaters" resent everything and everyone from Chicago.

Iran:
A country in the Middle East. One of the few NON Arabic countries in the Middle East. They are actually Persian, not Arab, so don't get confused. 1950-1960 Good times in Iran where the mood was western like here. After the revolution, it turned into a chaotic land. Hopefully it will be restored to what it used to be, someday.

I'm fine:
Either a very generic remark in response to a generic question, or something to be very worried about.

innit:
isn't it

Introvert:
An introvert prefers to spend time alone in order to recharge their inner being. An introvert may appear to be shy to others, but that is not necessarily an accurate label. Being among groups of friends, family and even strangers can be wonderfully stimulating and joyous occasions. Interacting with people and attention to multiple sources of stimuli tends to draw down an introvert's energy causing them to eventually withdraw to spend time alone to re-energize. Small talk and pointless conversations tend to draw down an introvert's energy rapidly.

It is what it is:
Used often in the business world, this incredibly versatile phrase can be literally translated as "fuck it."

ikea:
A giant maze with furniture inside it.

IXL:
A stupid ass website that teachers assign tostudent to make them depressed, stressed, and want to die. For some reason they keep assigning it even though everyone complains about it.

Ibrahim:
A man with dashingly good looks and a heart so caring and pure. He has the most captivating dark eyes, you could stare into them for centuries on end and never get sick of them. His smile lights up the room and his laugh brings joy. The sound of his voice alone is the cure to all ailments of the heart. His intelligence is unreal. His presence is appreciated by all who know him. He carries himself in a way you can't describe. If he runs away with your heart, it's impossible to turn back. Everything he says and does is simply perfection. Ibrahim is a role model for all men and is every girls dream boy.

Im Rick James Bitch:
Made popular by Dave Chappelle in his skit on the chappelle show. He took on the role of early 80's musician Rick James before his struggles with the law

ignorance:
Together with prejudice, the currency of the modern world

Ike:
1: That blue haired guy with the sword.2: The overpowered badass on SSBB who CRACKS everyone in practically one hit.3: The guy you always see flirting and hitting on Zelda(s) in basic brawl matchs.4: The manly version of Marth.5: The character who when he gets the smash ball, ditches it and just uses A-forward instead.6: The replacement for Ganondorf, who now has trouble moving because he's put on so much weight since Melee and can't find where he put that sword unless he does his fighter's stance.7: Nearly the sole redeeming value for Super Smash Brothers Brawl.

IMVU:
A 3D game where a 12 Year old can fuck a 50 year old without knowing

iono:
shortened version of "i dunno", which is a shortend version of "i dont know", which is a shortend version of "i do not know"

Ilya:
The sole embodiment of awesomeness, intelligence, and beauty in one person. It is one of the highest compliments, and to be called Ilya is that same as being called a sexy beast.

Iowa:
Not the best state in the country, but very far from the worst.  Home to three million people, some really sweet cities, three great univerties, a whole bunch of stellar small private colleges and a ton of true natural beauty in its lush northeast bluff country and statewide river valleys, lakes, and yes, rolling fields.  Iowa is a national leader in education (students in many other states including Texas take the Iowa Test of Basic Skills, and everyone's heard of the ACT, based in Iowa City) and is leading the way in biofuels to reduce the nation's dependence on oil.  To dispel the ignorance displayed elsewhere on this post, here's a state breakdown of cities and topography.  If seventy synonyms for boobs is alright to post, so is this. Central Iowa:  Des Moines, located at the intersection of I-80 and I-35, is the largest city with a metro of a half million and is the state capital, second only to London for the title of insurance capital of the world.  Ames (80,000 metro) is about a half hour north of Des Moines and is home to Iowa State University, a land grant school of 30,000 respected around the world for its engineering and agricultural programs.  Central Iowa is, outside of river vallies, very flat, and outside of the Des Moines area and Ames is very sparsely populated. Eastern Iowa:  The most densely populated area of the state.  Ethnically diverse Iowa City (115,000 metro) was Iowa's first state capital, was the first city in the world to elect a female mayor, has been named the most cultured city per capita in the nation, is always in the top five cities in the country for education, and is home to the University of Iowa, 30,000, nationally renowned for its Carver College of Medicine and Iowa Hawkeye athletics.  The music departments of Iowa City's two large public high schools have won a total of five Grammy awards.  Cedar Rapids, (200,000 metro) just twenty minutes north of Iowa City in the beautiful Cedar River valley, is the second largest single city, is the economic hub of eastern Iowa, has two private colleges, and is best known for being the place you get any of your Quaker Oats brand ceral from.  Waterloo/Cedar Falls, two conjoined cities (130,000 metro) is where the Unviersity of Northern Iowa, 18,000, is located.  The Quad Cities, (375,000 metro) two in Iowa and two in Illinois, straddle the Mississippi and form the largest metro between Des Moines and Chicago.  The largest of the four cities is Davenport, IA, home to the Bix 7 foot race whose hilly course and large prize attract runners from every part of the globe.  Dubuque, (90,000 metro) on the Mississippi where Iowa meets Illinois and Wisconsin, is Iowa's oldest city. It is home to a ton of beautiful architecture, four private colleges, a far-reaching ELCA Lutheran seminary, and the Smithsonion affiliated National Mississippi River Musem and Aquarium.  Eastern Iowa's topography is for the most part very rolling farmland, with the exception of the hillier Iowa river valley, Cedar river valley, and the bluffs and hills skirting the whole eastern border along the Mississippi.  The northeast corner of the state is all bluffland, home to small town Decorah and reputed Luther College. Western Iowa:  The vast majority of Iowa west of I-35 is flat farmland with the exception of the very westernmost strip.  Sioux City on the Missouri river (the western border) is a good sized city with nice amenities and lots of historyt.  Council Bluffs is the largest suburb of Omaha, just across the river in Nebraska.  The Iowa Great Lakes region contains many large lakes, most notably lake Okoboji, one of only three blue water lakes in the world.  The Loess Hills state park runs along the whole westernmost strip of the state, and offers lots of hilly hiking and some of the state's largest forests. Iowa's motto should be "Iowa: Not as bad as you picture it."

Iman:
A very pleasant girl, ignores the haters and Carries on with her life. Doesn't want or need a boyfriend at her age. Let's go of pathetic people. Loves her family. You All need a Iman. So I suggest go find one.

immortal technique:
immortal technique live from N-Y-C,best rapper to hit the earth, hear one song and youll see, the deep issues touched on with contriversy,his opinion stressed not correct politically, but immortal dont give a fuck what you think about him, hell divert you like the US to bin laden.

In Flames:
Best metal band ever.  Period.  Beware the false definitions that elude to them being something lesser.

Irish-American:
1. An American whose ethnicity is partly or fully Irish2. A person with both Irish and American citizenship3. Everybody come March 17th

Iced:
(V). The act of drinking a Smirnoff Ice on one knee as fast as you can, following the presentation of the 'ice' in a clever manner.

IQ:
Something most people on Urban Dictionary don't have.

Isa:
She is a beautiful, stunning girl. When you meet her the first thing you notice is her kind heart. She will usually have striking dark hair and eyes. She will easily be one of the most beautiful girls you’ll ever meet, inside and out. You will think she is really shy if you dont know the real her, but if you become close friends with her, then you get to see how amazing she is. Her eyes sparkle when she talks about things she loves. She is kind to everyone, even if they don’t deserve it. She will never judge you, and will always be supportive. She is REALLY TALKATIVE AND LOUD. You may not think of it at first, but if you befriend an Isa, get ready for an adventure. She is somwone you wll always remember

Isla:
Isla's are very smart and funny. They are put together and those people who are athletic and smart. Isla always has a smile on her face and is confident. Isla is the best friend you could ever have and she is a stunner. Her beauty puts everyone in a trance. Her name does mean love after all. Isla is also very kind and caring. She is also loyal and willing to kick but if someone messes with her or one of her friends. Overall Isla's are great people with a great sense of humour, a beautiful face and they are smart strong and confident.

iTunes:
Only is used for syncing music on your iPod or your iPod like device. The rest is a bunch of advertisements and a way to suck up money, and for Flo-Rida to make a few more bucks by soaking you with $1.99 per song. Most people illegally bootleg their music using Limewire or Frostwire.

ill:
cool, tight, sweet

intelligent design:
An attempt by the apologists for creationism to artificially inject their metaphysical theory with scientific credibility. Intelligent design makes the "deduction" that the development of complex life on this planet was an intelligent creator, largly on the basis of argument by personal incredulity, a flawed understanding of Darwinian natural selection and fundamental misunderstandings of basic principles of thermodynamics and biology. Advocates claim natural selection/evolution (which they frequently confuse) are impossible, and often have links to other biblical-literlists that believe the earth is only 30000 years old, and other such fantasies. There is reason that the evidence would lead any impartial person to come to such conclusions; it is therefore an example of wishful thinking and by the principle of Occam's razon is a metaphysical (faith) based belief, not a scientific one. The continued deliberate obtuseness on this issue has led to fundamentalists attempting to force science teachers to present it in the classroom, and the general devaluing of science in the population of the US and other countries as a whole.

illiterate:
(adjective) to not be able to read or write in a specific language. Used loosely, it can describe someone who is just an incredibly sloppy speller.

I'm game:
Used to indicate that the speaker is interested in doing whatever has just been suggested.  Similar to "I'm up for that."

icup:
The most incredible comeback to any argument. Telling your opponent to spell icup will instantly disable all of their bodily functions and render them udderly defeated. It is the key to the understanding of the universe and can destroy anything that dares to spell it.

I don't know:
I just asked my friends what I should add to the urban dictionary and they said "I don't know" so here is the definition :)

iFunny:
It doesn't exist. Whoever sent you here is lying, there is absolutely no app called ifunny. All the other definitions are talking about an urban legend, obviously. Ifunny is not real.

I'm bored:
Hey me too. If you're bored give a thumbs up!

Irrelevant:
Jake Paul .

IKR?:
acronym for "I know, right?" - the rhetorical response to any statement of undeniable truth. Used in IM or text based conversations (also, "IK,R?") and NEVER acceptable as spoken aloud (eye kay are.)

Isobel:
Isobel is a caring person who is always there for you. She is very quiet around teachers and sometimes other adults. When she is with you, she is much louder but sometimes can't get in a word so let her speak for a bit, you can have some amazing and interesting discussions with her!

IRC:
IRC (Internet Relay Chat) is a chat protocol initially developed as a means of communication back in the days of BBS (Bulletin Board System). Clients connect to a specified server which is part of a collection of servers known as an IRC network. If a client is to send a message to a user on a different server within the same IRC network, the message is relayed between the servers and then to the other client. IRC is a text only means of communication, non-text communications or files are sent via IRC's file transfer protocol, known as DCC. Unlike other chat protocols, IRC does not require you to have an account that you sign in with, but most IRC networks offer you the ability to reserve your nickname. Common IRC clients include X-Chat, mIRC, Irssi and BitchX.

Iceland:
An island in the Atlantic Ocean north of England. Known for it's volcanos, beautiful nature and of course the Blue Lagoon. Low crime rate and a pretty cool country to live in. Sigur Rós is from Iceland.

IRS:
Income Removal System

Itachi:
The elder brother of Uchiha Sasuke, missing nin of Konohagakure. Slaughtered his entire town including his family but left his one little brother (Sasuke) alive to seek revenge against him. Was once captain in his ANBU team, possesses the SHARINGAN, and is totally bad-ass.

Idiocracy:
A movie that was originally a comedy, but became a documentary.

is:
IS is IS. "Is meaning equal" is tautology.  Is is simply is.

Ingrid:
A smart beautiful girl. She is the one who you will fall in love with, she wears glasses, it doesn't matter if she wears her glasses or contacts she is beautiful either way. She loves to eat sweets, she has the most beautiful smile in the whole world. Her giggle is the most amazing thing you have ever heard, if you haven't heard her laugh then your missing out on the most beautiful sound ever. She loves playing sports. She is very picky when it comes to clothes or food. Chances are if you like her , she likes someone else or she is dating someone already. She always has a smile on her face. She is the person who you can tell anything to.She is very helpful and understanding, Her name and middle name are both rare names but are special. Ingrid can light up your whole world. just by a simple "hi" from her you already know its gonna be a good day. She is very shy at first, but once you start to know her, you will fall in love with her. She is an" ANGEL". She is near perfect.If you date her or go out with her , you were one of the most lucky people on earth. She is one of a kind. She is always going to be in your mind no matter what. If you ever meet Ingrid you are Lucky don't ruin your chance with her ;)

Inside Joke:
A thing that UD will reject if we post these...

intern:
Company bitch.

Ion:
Ion is used as a replacement for "I don't". This can be found especially on twitter.

Itzel:
A common female name in Mesoamerica of indigenous origin. Itzel is derived from Ix Chel, an important moon goddess. As such, “Moon Goddess” and “She of the Rainbow” appear to be the most frequent translations in common literature. This is, however, inaccurate. Upon closer inspection, it becomes apparent that “Star”, or “Estrella” en Español, is much more accurate of an translation.	Itzel is borrowed from Nahualá K'iche', an independent dialect of the Quiché Maya language spoken in Northern Guatemala. Nomenclatural variants of Itzel, such as Itzehl (Huastecan, Poqom) and Itsehl (Yucatecan, Quichean) appear in Southern Mexico. They differ in meaning. Itzehl translates to “Moon Goddess”. Itsehl translates to “She of the Rainbow”. However, Itzel, which translates to “Star”, is used without discretion as an interchangeable synonym with it’s aforementioned variants, thus obscuring Itzel’s true meaning.	Itzel is an example of positive cultural regression. Amongst populations with direct ancestral relation to Mayan Culture, Itzel is rare. However, amongst the majority Ethnic Mestizo population, sentimental attachment to indigenous culture is at present acceptable, where in past generations it was not. This has skyrocketed the popularity of names such as Itzel. This trend is predicted to continue.

Indy:
This girl is an amazing. She is one of the smartest, prettiest, funniest people you can ever meet. Unbelievably nice. Bitchy, but hey, who's not these days? If you've met her you are extremely lucky. She doesn't lie, she means what she says and doesn't like hurting people. If she says she loves you, she means it.

ignoranus:
a portmanteau formed from ignorant, ignoramus and anusdef: a low-IQ person who is both an ignoramus and a pompous {narcissistic} asshole; see Donald Trumpsyn: assclown

Italian Stallion:
A well-endowed, sexually talented male of Italian descent.  Contrast with Irish Curse

i-:
this is when someone says some fuck shit and you have no reaction for it.

illegal:
When obese bitches wear tops/pants 5 sizes too small with their flab hanging out everywhere

Init:
Slang word for "isn't it" 

IBM:
Inbox Me

Izzie:
A person that’s very bubbly. Most people want to befriend her. But she’s also a handful sometimes. You don’t want her bad side at all. She’s also sad with her life. She also thinks her life is bad when it might not be.—> She tries to help others but also sometimes will Snap if you ask too much of her

ignant:
While ignorant implies doing or saying something foolish not knowing any better, ignant implies that the person knew damn well and chose to act foolish anyway.

Iliana:
A beautiful girl with bright eyes that light up a room, and gorgeous hair that always smells like strawberry shampoo. Her height is perfect for her personality, and her style is aesthetic. She is headstrong but also very kind and loud. She isn't afraid to do what she thinks is right, and will always give good advice. She is an amazing friend who always has your back and can always be trusted. Her emotions can change as fast as one can blink, and she loves to love.

intellectual:
Someone who has found something more interesting than sex and alcohol.

ID:
Track a DJ may have played that hasn't been released and therefore hasn't been ID'd.New track a producer/DJ plays that nobody knows the name of yet.

irregardless:
Used by people who ignorantly mean to say regardless. According to webster, it is a word, but since the prefix "ir" and the suffx "less" both mean "not or with" they cancel each other out, so what you end up with is regard. When you use this to try to say you don't care about something, you end up saying that you do. Of course everyone knows what you mean to say and only a pompous,rude asshole will correct you.

Izabella:
Someone who wants to make a change and do good. But sometimes that urge gets her into trouble. She always speaks her mind. And she loves to make you laugh. Even though she knows she's not funny. She's lovable but harsh. No one knows what she's capable of and probably won't. She has major trust issues and keeps to herself. She laughs when she won't let herself cry. She puts on a face but it lasts for a second. I hope she finds herself and someone special.❣️❣️

Issy:
Lovely girl with lots of friends. Usually small, cute and innocent but will happily kick someone in the balls if they tell her that. Everyone loves her, no one ever hates an Issy. Although she has lots of friends, she will always have a best friend who she loves and will stay loyal too. All the guys love her because she is so cute and funny. Usually a beautiful brunette with green or blue eyes and often a great body!Will have a great time and parties and everyone want to be like her.

Innocent:
What I was before I found out about Urbandictonary.

I Hate You:
1:) Something someone says when they care about you.2:) Something someone says when they truly wish you were dead.

If You Seek Amy:
The title of a track from Britney Spears' latest album, "Circus," and an oronym for "F-U-C-K me." 

Indianapolis:
Also known as Circle City, I-Town, INDY, and The Heart of America. The capitol of "Indiana." Has been increasing in population to become a thriving "Urban City" and one of the largest cities in the United States (check census). Is known for its crime rate, hospitality, and for its low cost of living. Home of the Pacers, Colts, Indy 500, and the Black Expo.

Igor:
People know about the word/name Igor because of Tyler, the Creator’s new album, but it is actually a Slav name. Dads from Eastern Europe are usually named Igor and they are mainly really funny.

i'm:
a response when you dont know what to say but you still want to respond

independent:
A person not corrupted by a "tug-of-war" ideology seen in partisan voter life. Someone who understands propaganda and how it is used in politics. Thus, they are not suckered into a side due to incorrect facts; shown only to sway the people who are too lazy to look things up themselves.While most partisan fools will say independents are too "scared to pick a side", in reality, partisan voters are the ones too "scared" to stand up for what they truly believe. Instead of standing up for their own beliefs, like an independent, partisan voters allow themselves to be fed bullshit facts over the radio/T.V. by self proclaimed experts Rush Limbaugh, Bill O'Reilly, Ed Shultz, who's only goal is to make everyone think in the exact same way.Independents think for themselves and understand that parties will only tear the country in half over their idiotic squabbling as George Washington himself predicted.

Ines:
An extremely loving girl. She will usually be one of the best friends in your life. She's caring, honest, beautiful and awesome. She'll bring you up and make you smile when you are in need of help. Definitely someone you can trust on and someone you can hold on to.Also, in case of a relationship. She is the perfect girl for you. You are the luckiest motherfucker ever if you are dating Ines.

Ima:
Ima is a super conjunction of I'm(a conjunction of I am) & Gonna .Gonna comes from going to.

In-n-out:
Damn good food, and just that.

Iggy:
I slang term meaning "Ignore".  Often used in chatrooms.

Jack:
Another feature that Apple has deemed unnecessary.

Josh:
An all around awesome guy. Josh(s) are typically quiet at first but once you get to know him you'll find he has a great personality and a great sense of humor. Once you find a Josh you'll love him forever. Josh(s) are also total savages at comebacks and roasts.

Jordan:
A boy unlike any other. One you can truly see yourself being with for the rest of your life. He is the boy you'd die for. You look at him, and your heart will just.. melt. Everything you thought you knew about 'love' changes into something you never could have imagined because of this boy. Once you were broken, and now you are fixed. You can almost feel the emotion in his texts, you can HEAR the truth in his words, you can listen to the rhythmic sounds of love in every single one of his heart beats. You'll want to marry this boy. I promise you. His smile could make the strongest of hearts melt. His laugh could give you so many butterflies that they'll fill your entire stomach and send them flying out of your toes. You'll instantly fall in love with him. Nothing else matters but him. Your head is filled with thoughts of him. Everything reminds you of him. A minute feels like a lifetime with him not around. The memories with a Jordan could pierce the soul. You could never bring yourself to leave him. Never. No matter what he did, when you know that you're all his.. it doesn't ever matter. You spend days with him, and when he leaves, it feels as though it's been 5 minutes. You feel like, in order to feel whole, you need to be around him. To see those amazing eyes and have him hold you in his arms. You love him. You love him always.. Having a Jordan in your life is not always a privilege, but the one i have is surely #1, and i never want to lose my Jordan.

Justin Bieber:
A weapon of mass destruction developed by evil Canadian scientists in an attempt to conquer the United States and make Canada a super country. When the weapon grew, the scientists put it to test on youtube with it getting millions of views. The scientists approached the Canadian capital to notice a high torture rate. The scientists told that Canada would gain control of the US if sent to the states. Convinced, they sent it to the US only to be backfired when he gained teenage girl fans. Furious by this, Canada commenced Search and Destroy in order to destroy the weapon. But due to it's popularity, its bodyguards would risk to take a bullet for the WMD. Canada is still trying to reach the weapon but it has shown no effect so far.

Jesus:
what a ledge

James:
James is an amazing, chill, fun, thoughtful, humorous, kind, trustworthy, person. No words are even close to good enough to explain how amazing this person is. If you have a James in your life, don't let them go. Anyone would be the luckiest person in the word to have James in there life. Talking to James will make everything around you fade away. He will help you in times were you need it, he is very supportive too. Being with James will make you feel like you won the lottery. He will never take you for granted and will never make you feel lonely, always there to laugh with you, only wants to see you succeed. He will try to help I'm ANY way that he can even if all you need is a good laugh or a pat on the back.

jessica:
hah your friends with a Jessica? you absolute buffoon

Jake Paul:
It is a slang word for the word "Cancer"

Joe:
Don't ask who Joe is.

jakes:
cops, narcs, fbi or anyone that can arrest.

John:
A sensitive guy who has a dick large enough to wreck Godzilla's vagina. Known as a "gift from god", women and men alike throw themselves at such a perfect creature in hopes that it will take mercy on their soul and have hot passionate rough sex with them.

Jason:
The greatest of all potatoes; King Spuducus.

Jonas Brothers:
A Word that when you type in "Jonas Brother" in Urban Dictionary, you get a bunch of hate comments saying they are shitty. But if you search Joe Jonas you get a bunch of girly positive comments for some reason.

Julia:
A Julia is the sweetest person you’ll ever meet. She’s so kind and understanding. While she may be quiet And reserved, she is so funny in her own way. She’s so clever and beautiful, and will ALWAYS be there for you no matter what. She can be a bit over-trusting and this can be a disadvantage for her. She may sometimes be so involved in the wellness of others that she forgets to take care of herself; this is her fatal flaw.She loves to do all kinds of sports like volleyball, soccer, gymnastics, and even swimming. She’s got so much energy and such a great heart that she attracts so many people to be her friend. She’s very loyal to a small group of friends, 3 people or so, and they’re just like sisters. They’ve been through everything together and will continue to do just that.She’s so smart and academically gifted, regardless of what she may say to be humble. She loves to draw, paint, and sketch on her homework.. this might sometime get her in trouble but the teachers don’t mind her. They know she’s such a sweet, kind, generous, and wonderful person.Julia’s are typically petite, gentle-looking people with great, big, beautiful eyes. They constantly criticize themselves, but no one else can see the flaws she adamantly insists to be present. She doesn’t have to try and dress up to look good, because she looks go no matter what.

Justin:
Best friend that you could ever have. Can be very annoying and retarted sometimes but other times he can be the sweetest guy in the world, he loves memes and is the funniest person ever!If you acctually meet a Justin u are the luckiest person on earth, he has been through tough times but can always fight the urge and keep up with his life, he battles with his fears and always wins. He's amazing at maths and he loves school. He has an amazing personality and first he will be shy but if you get him to trust you he will be the sweetest. He loves playing video games on any device, usually plays on a console. He is an amazing person with an incredible personality. So if you ever go by a Justin you are so lucky.

juggalo:
Darwin's biggest Obstacle.

Jasmine:
A girl who might not have the biggest self esteem, but she has a big heart. She often puts others before herself, and enjoys being herself. Others might tell her she's 'weird', but she takes it as a compliment. If you need someone to talk to, go to her, she's the most honest, trustworthy person out there. She's the best person to find in a friend, and she'll also put everyone else above her, but to the extreme. Don't. Ever. Mess. With. Her. Friends. She's got a dark side under that sweet and innocent face, one that only comes to play when you mess with her friends.

Joshua:
Joshua is a guy who has a lot more to himself than you think. He isn't shy but isnt really outgoing. He'd much rather be at home, alone, then at school facing all the work and challenge it brings. He goes to school anyways to see his friends, whom he trusts with most of his secrets and untold emotions. He respects those that he feels deserve his respect and when it comes to what he believes in, nothing can change his mind. He is wise, very wise. He gives the best advice and tries his best to understand you. He is the cutest thing you will ever lay your eyes on. His personality is different. He can be mean but can also be the sweetest in the world. He is loyal, trustworthy, kind, caring, loving, honest, and everything good in a person you could find. He has the biggest heart and a brave soul. He is everything a girl could dream of packed into one person. He's also incredibly funny and has real skills when it comes to video games. He is the most amazing person you will ever meet and one you will never forget. He will change your life and change it for the better.

Jonathan.:
A boy with lots of wonderful thoughts that will share anything with you. Will keep a secret safe regardless of how good it may be. Will always try to cheer you up even when he may be feeling down too.Suffering in his life has caused a spot of permanant sadness in his eyes, but they shine bright when he smiles.Medium in stature, large in heart. Most likely will have very soft hair and soft hands.a very skilled kisser, has had lots of experience but will settle down upon finding the right girl. has a reputation for being a flirt but that is just his personality.is very VERY attractive. usually long eyelashes, kissable lips and a smile that can light up a room. Will make your stomach filled with butterflies no matter how used you are to seeing him.Means; gift from God (which is very true)is a procrastinator but will always get something done at the absolute last second. Is very smart but often doesnt apply it.very much a people person, can easily make friends with anyone and everyoneJonathan is easy to pick out of a crowd because he will be standing in a large group of people and they will all be smiling at what he is saying.makes an amazing boyfriend, the kind of person you want to show off because your so in awe of him and how miraculous he is.everyday is an adventure with Jonathan because he will make you laugh till you cry and has a superb imaginationJonathan means, a perfectly incredible man

Jew:
Someone who is of the Jewish religion.

Jelly bracelets:
It is true that Jelly Bracelets used to be an 80's fashion. However, they weren't the original fuck bracelets. Originally fuck bracelets were bracelets with teeny tiny little beed and thin elastic string. The rumors about breaking them and the person has to have sex with you started floating around when I was thirteen. I'm about17 now. They were much easier to break than jelly bracelets. Somewhere along the line Jelly bracelets began to come back into style. When this happened they became known as fuck bracelets. What many of you are failing to realize is everyone just took it as a joke. No one actually believes that if they break someone's black bracelet that, that person has to have sex with them. That's ridiculous and stupid. However there is a meaning behind each of the different colors and people do jokingly try to break them a lot. Most of the time when it happens to me (I have about 80 of these things) it's just one of my friends kidding around.  Black- Sex Blue- Blow job Pink- Flash tits or pinus Yellow- Hug Purple- Kiss Clear- W/e snapper wants Green- Hand job Brown- Toss my salad Glow in the dark- SEX TOYS Any glitter- Girl chooses Silver(Gray)- OUTDOOR SEX Light Blue- Anal Light pink- hug & kiss Light green- Oral sex Gold- All of the above  Those are the meanings of the different colors. But in reality, it's just a fashion statement.

Jacob:
A guy who is shy at first, but once you get to know him, is a friendly, funny, generous, and overall social person to you depending on your attitude towards him and others. Jacob is a dude who shines his brightest around those whom he considers a friend, as he tends to get confident when around them. Jacob is philosophical and wise even if he denies it due to his modesty. Jacob might be made fun of by some, but is something just barely short of an attraction towards reasonable and similar people who see the world like he does.

Jade:
Jade is a girl who is someone you are blessed to have in your life. She has been through hell but always gets back on her feet and shows the world she is strong enough. A very naturally beautiful girl and someone who never fails to make you smile. Jade is someone you would love too spend everyday with and someone you can always count on too be there!

Joseph:
Joseph is a guy who never gives up, he is passionate about something and when he makes promise to someone he will do it no matter what it is even if the odds are against him, he will fight till the end until he stops breathing

Joey:
A “Joey” is basically the clean version of the word “f*ckboy.” He’s a boy that doesn’t genuinely care about you and is only playing and using you. This is a boy that does you wrong, whether it’s cheating on you, leading you on, and more. This circulated from the Just Sharon YouTube channel.

Jimmy:
A person who's name is used in every situation. Usually blamed on.

Jock:
To clear things up, there is a major difference between a jock and athletes. Jocks tend to abuse their popularity, while the athletes don't really mind who they talk to or hang out with.

Jennifer:
Friendship, Jennifer is loyal to the bone. Would do anything for a friend she has allowed into her very small, sacred, circle of trust. Once youve received her friendship in return youll find the best most loyal true friend one could ever have.Love, Jennifer doesnt love easy. But when she does,she loves fiercely. Loyal to her man 100%, won't bat an eye at another man once shes given her heart. Shes a smart nice girl on the streets but naughty in the sheets. Shes passionate, not only in the bed, but everything in her life.Whatever she loves shes is beyond ridiculously passionate about. Her passion shines through every thought she speaks.Shes mysterious. Everyone wants to know who she is but cant figure it out.Which leads to envious enemies. Jennifer is easily envied and attracts enemies due to jealousy. People feel intimidated within seconds of meeting her. Shes insanely beautiful. Shes smart. Shes creative. Shes funny without even trying. She carries herself with certainty of who she is. Yet shes not snobby. People feel below her based on their own insecurities and will lie about her to take her off the pedestal they themselves put her on.She has a heart of gold yet very few people know this about her as she doesn't let people into her life.She will be the best mother. She will honor her kids once she has them. She would die for her children. She will be number one in her childrens eyes.Everyone needs a jennifer in their life

Jamie:
Jamie: She just wants others to be happy. She does not share her feelings as much as she should. She seems all bubbly on the outside, which she is, but she has layers of deep thoughts with in. She questions the world and looks for understandings. She smiles with her eyes. Jamie is caring, pretty, smart, kind, funny, loyal, and honest. She is not shy when it comes to talking on a phone whether on a call, facetime, or social media but in person she gets a little nervous. She has a hard time accepting complements because she believes they are not real. She is always putting herself down. Jamie has a very easy time falling for someone. This can be a bad thing. She gets played easily because she has courage to do things with boys for their pleasure, but then is left there with a feeling of emptiness, betrayal, and depression. Jamie forgives but will never ever forget. She does believe in second chances. Jamie has a fear of something due to a childhood experience. Jamie has major anxiety and a learning curve. She usually has brown hair and green, brown, or hazel eyes. Jamie is the one to stand up for anyone, even if she does not get along with them. Jamie for sure is not perfect. But trust me, I know Jamie. And I really regret letting her go and leaving. She is special. Jamie is like no other.

Jesse:
A passionate, intelligent and thoughful man. He is awesome, he will inspire you to live life with courage and becomes that light of hope that awakens the soul.The one who captures his heart is a lucky one and should only feel pride and love to be with him. He desserves only the best.

Jayden:
The most incredible best friend, boyfriend and individual in the world. He is one person that will change your life forever as he walks into it and he is always willing to always put you first no matter what. You can always trust Jayden, he will never let you down.Jayden is perfect, both inside and out.He has the most gorgeous, brown eyes that even if you just catch a glimpse you instantly get lost in them. His cute, adorable smile makes you feel so happy,!safe and secure whenever you see it. He has the hottest body and he gives the best hugs and kisses.It’s crazy how he is so adorable, cute, hot and sexy all at the same time! But most importantly Jayden is so pure, truthful and caring. He is so intelligent and he has the best sense of humour, Jayden can always put a smile on your face even when that’s the last thing you want to do. He has the biggest heart that is filled with everlasting love and he is the sweetest, kindest and most genuine guy in the world. He is always on your mind, every second of the day and you just can’t stop thinking about how perfect he is but you wouldn’t have it any other way and Jayden will never understand how much you love him.He is he reason that you appreciate everyday, he is the reason you live, laugh and love. Jayden is your only reason for everything you do. You can’t help but adore and love him with all your heart. Nobody deserves a Jayden, however, if you are ever lucky enough to ever get one, never let him go.

Johnny Depp:
The sexiest pirate I've ever seen!

Jenna:
Originated from Danish Gods.Has the power to heal the broken with a smile or the sound of the soft genuine voice thats like your favorite song.She love adventure making music that plays to the soul.Jenna can make a normal day amazing with just a word or two.

Ja Rule:
the wack ass rapper who sounds like the cookie monster

Jeremy:
Jeremy is one of the most sarcastic people you'll ever meet. He's sensitive at times and a total dick at others. You'll never know how he feels toward you. He's impossible to figure out and it will drive you crazy. He's hilarious without trying and doesn't know it. But he's a good guy so you better hold on to him. He'll come around eventually

Jackson:
A guy that's like crazy perfect. He's tall and strong and will love his girlfriend unconditionally, no matter how crazy she is. Jacksons are usually really athletic, and modest about it too. The Jackson you know will be cute and will end up to be your whole life. Your fights will start as "you love me more" to "I love you to the moon and back, there's no way you love me more than I love you."He'll put up with you and say he does it because he loves it. Or because it's his job, then tell you he loves his job. Jacksons are extremely modest, but strong in the emotionally, the mentally, and physically.You won't be able to get your Jackson out of your head. I promise you.Overall, Jacksons are the best thing in the world. You won't go wrong if you find yourself one.

Jared:
A guy who has it all. Great personality, wity, charming, incredible looks and smart. Perfect compassionate lover with the know how to make you feel your best. Has an ego burried deep inside. Very sensitive and doesnt know just how great he is. Always thinking he is not enough. Bashful at first but once you get to know him, he turns into the coolest and funniest person you will ever meet. Can be very jealous but extremly cute when he is. The most perfect, wanted, and needed guy.

Joel:
An amazing human who is very kind and handsome, he is there when you need him and he is very layed back, you can count on him to keep promises and when your down he can make you smile, he can be quite annoying sometimes but his humor and love can make up for it, he’s loyal and he believes that personality is what makes a person truly beautiful, he’s quite and shy at first but once you get to know him you learn that he is quite funny, oblivious, and he is quite dumb at times. Over all he is a good person to have in your life and if you catch a Joel keep him Bc if you don’t you will never meet anyone like him.

Jose:
-----JoseA person who can get you so mad but so in love in 5 seconds. Who you can argue with but when you look into his big eyes his long eyelashes bat away any negative thoughts and you still want to build a family with him due to his calm, collected, and understanding nature. He has the ability to make you cry then make you laugh because of his positive vibe you can't ever stay mad at a "Jose". He is reliable and he is just a great man in general. He is a great spirit and will make a great husband and father one day. If and when you find a Jose don't let him go. It will hit you that you made the biggest mistake of your life.

Jada:
A jada is the most gorgeous girl you ever layed eyes on. She makes everything look good. Whoever is dating her is the luckiest guy in the world. She is so fun and chill to hang out with. She’s beautiful, kind, crazy, mean when she needs to be, and strong. Her hair is amazingly curly. Everyone is jealous of her. She got the good eyes, best smile, perfect eyebrows, flawless hair, sexiest body, and awesome personality. She is the bestest friend you will ever have!! Even if she is having a tough time, she will always get through it by herself. She is independent and has a resting face but she is the kindest person ever. She doesn’t let things get to her and will never show her feelings. She is always laughing, and very shy when it comes to the boy she loves. She is so understanding and loving. She is so daring and will do crazy things. She isn’t always easy in relationships, but if she really does love you, she will stick with you and love you no matter the situation. If she don’t like you then get out her face. A jada is actually the most perfect thing in the world. She is a goddess and you will fall in love with her forever, so make sure you don’t lose her because she is a very rare girl to find, she is not like any other female. Try to find one and stick with her forever and always!

Jimi Hendrix:
-Genius-   enough said

Jay:
The most amazing person you'll ever meet. He's beautiful in every way possible. He can make you smile, even when you're both upset. He has the most caring heart despite being through so much pain. He's sensitive though so if you're lucky enough to ever be with him, treat him as well as possible.

Jaden:
Jadens are funny, dirty-minded, kind, and the type of guy you want to keep around. They can make you smile and laugh with so much as a few words. They love gaming, inside jokes, and have been through some tough times. Jadens sometimes don't think before they say things which can insult you but they always come back and truly apologize.

juan:
Literally a horse on a balcony.

Julian Casablancas:
Jules Casablancas is an immensly talented individual, his unique voice and songwriting skills combine to make The Strokes one of the greatest bands of today. The man oozes coolness and thanks to his parents, his mother is former miss Denmark and his father is the founder of 'Elite' modelling agency, Julian has great looks and is loved by many. Girls want to be with him and guys wants to be him, with his big brown eyes and shaggy hair.

Jeff:
Jeff is a state of being. Not simply just a name; A state of existence higher than nirvana.

jay-z:
a rapper with abnormally large lips. Oh, and also associated with Beyonce, Def Jam,Rihanna, and has beef with Nas. But, mostly, has very, very large lips.

Julian:
Julian is somebody who is career-driven and a hard-working person. They will go far in life. Everything is 100 percent with them. Julian is friendly, people are so drawn to them for their charismatic abilities and good vibes. Many are jealous/admired of Julians. They are not egotistical or arrogant, they are humble and genuine with who they are and what they do. Julian is a heart warming soul. They care so much about their family and friends. If you're lucky to date a Julian or in love with one, don't let them go. They are truly a gentlemen and have a heart of gold. It doesn't hurt also that Julian is very handsome and have a great smile. Their smile is contagious and they're very photogenic. They are also great lovers in bed, they're very passionate at what they love to do in life, now just imagine having one as a lover. Be ready to laugh as hard as you can, they have an awesome sense of humor as well. They are so full of life, can crack you up with silly jokes on Reddit or YouTube. Julians tend to have very great style in fashion. Music is a great aspect in their life. They're honest. Julians are the best kind of people and if you are lucky to be friends with one, date one or have a family member as one, then you are one lucky person. Because Julians are awesome and that's that.

Jazz:
Not to be confused with the music genre. Jazz in this case is a person who thinks they are great at everything and are constantly boasting but in actual fact they are pretty crap at most things. Just like the music genre they are far from great

Josie:
She’s the kind of girl who will make you smile every time you see her. Looking at her you see the stars in her eyes. Dispite her small size, you know she has the biggest heart. She may be obsessed with some things, but it’s always in her own cute way. A lot of random crap will come out of her, and that’s one of the best parts about her. She may attack hug you from time to time, but you know it’s because she likes you. She’s also one of the most comical people you’ll ever know. Every day is a surprise with her. Also, Pinterest, Netflix, and music may be three of the biggest factors in her life. Above all, it’s hard not to love all her tiny little quirks and things about her

Jenny:
She is sweet and kind.Her beauty is natural and is also smart.She treats you well and wants you to be happy.She can't express her feelings well.She isn't that innocent as you may think.WHAT EVER YOU DO DONT GET ON THEIR BAD SIDE!!Over all they are ok and good trustworthy friend but remember to treat them nicely because they can be sensitive and emotional at sometimes.

Jade Puget:
Jade Puget is one of my favorite people, he is so talented. I wish i could even remotely play like he does. But yeah right! He's a guitar god!

Justin Beiber:
The definition of horrible rapping. Can sing because he ain't no gangster. Says shorty way too much, when he is the skinniest kid Ive ever seen. Has deusional fans who dont know the definition of good music or cute boys. He should get into love ballads.

Jordyn:
Jordyns are cute, shy, but very sweet. You have to open up to her and love her because hurting her would be a crime. She's loving and funny and she loves dogs. She likes her things and talks about them all the time. She listens to you when you need help and is forgetful and stubborn at times, but her sweet face and cute laugh make up for it.

Jonah:
Very loving guy. You will never meet anyone else like him. He will always pick you up when you're down. A very funny guy, always doing weird things. He always says some random shit. Also has very good dance moves 😂 He is very trustworthy. Very lovable and sweet. 😘A great guy to talk to about anything that's on your mind. Any girl that gets him is very lucky. Never let go of a guy like him. Keep him with you at all times.

Joe Biden:
To call out malarkey when you see it.

Jerry:
A Jerry is a funny guy! Totally and completely loyal, well traveled, well educated, smart, funny, sexy, talented, good at everything, and a blast to be around. You have a friend for life with a Jerry, but do NOT piss a Jerry off. He can whoop some ass. It's hard to not love a Jerry. A Jerry can throw some wicked parties, is usually the life of the party, and knows everyone, and makes friends with anyone. A Jerry is picky about who he opens up to though. A Jerry is the total package.

jank:
adj- broken; unnecessarily redundant, superfluous, or meaningless; stupid or ridiculously moronic; bootleg or of questionable quality

Jessie:
Jessie is such a kind girl who has a heart of gold,if u love her don’t let her go she’s so beautiful and kind she does have some blonde moments but she such a sweet person inside and out

jerk:
A person that breaks off the relationship twice, and still expects you to come back to their selfish ass.

Jams:
The act of when someone is not fun.

Jimin:
A beautiful person that was sent from the Angels. Can be a bias, or bias wrecker. Screams the word oppa .

Jizz:
The white shit that comes out your little meat package when you beat it to hard.

Joke:
Normally something corny your dad says.

Jeremiah:
The best person you could ever meet. A boy, or a man who knows how to love their other half. They know how to take control and can be confusing at times, but they know how to settle things. They can be really good boyfriends and can mess up at times, but they finally win their partner's heart with their adorable antics. They are people who are selfless and very sensitive, although they never show it. And finally, love their friends and family a lot. Having a guy like that in your life is really wonderful.

Jocelyn:
The funniest, most beautiful girl you will ever meet. Very giggly. She will always make you feel like the king of the world, and you always want to be around her. Although short, she makes up for it by her huge personality. She will help you out during the best and the worst of times, just because shes an incredible person like that :) If you're lucky enough to date a Jocelyn, make her feel loved if you don't and she leaves you, you'll regret just like I do. Be warned, she is very easy to fall in love with!! :)

job:
Means by which at least 30% of your life is stolen from you to enrich the owners of a company making useless shit that some other poor idiot in a job will buy.

Jehovahs Witnesses:
A Christian Religious group who preach to people by knocking on doors.Yes they might be annoying, but they believe they are helping people, so give them a break. If you ask them not to call ever again they wont, thats all it takes.I know some and they are lovely people, and the horrible things people say about them hurt, needlessly.I havent been brainwashed and im not deluded, im just not disrespectful to people or beliefs i dont know about.

J.A.P.:
J.A.P.Jewish American Princess; a bitchy, spoiled, golddigging Jewish female; Raised in a wealthy household, selfish, high-maintenance to the point of sheer insanity, stuck-up, the worst woman to date/marry on planet earth, yet deemed the most desirable by jewish mothers, who attempt to force them down the throats of their unsuspecting sons (all for the sake of perserving "Jewish Heritage.") A Female who collects designer fashion items and status symbols (including men).Bane to the existence of dating men.  The key to an unhappy relationship for the rest of your life.  Large breasted, outwardly attractive, internally spoiled, greedy, complicated, self-righteous, and obnoxiously difficult and overbearing jewish female.  References:See www.jdate.com or refer to the "She put the Jew in Jewess Jeans" classic Saturday Night Live skit for examples.

Juice:
Street Credibility and/or respect

Jasper:
Sandwhich thief, lives under a bridge. Has 900,000,000 foot long arms so he can steal every sandwhich from every subway in the world. Subways fear him.

James Charles:
Flashback Mary.

Japan:
The country with the world's best toilets.

Jackie:
An individual who is kind, genuine, beautiful, and smart. She loves to dance, have fun, and laugh. She loves to help people, especially when they don't know it's her. She is misunderstood by those she loves most, but loves them anyway. She is a unique and special person.

Jayla:
a vary outgoing girl she’s never afraid to do what she wants she’s vary smart and cares a lot about others!! she has a lot of friends and also a lot of haters ! Shy at first but then acts wild and fun, she may get a little crazy. Jaylas are usually artistic. Jayla’s also have the most gorgeous eyes that you can just get lost in. Jayla’s Are good Problem solvers and are vary flexible with schedules. She WILL keep all of your secrets you share private, and she will never let you down.

Jack Sparrow:
Brilliant pirate, captain of the black pearl and a good man! Sexiest man on the planet Other keywords:funny, hot, smart, drunk, cool, cunning, flamboyant, insane And lets not forget his eyeliner!

Jungkook:
There are many Jungkooks in the world, but specifically speaking about the youngest BTS member, Jeon Jungkook.Jungkook will always be the best person to be around. Jungkook is the most adorable and cuddly boy that ever lived. He loves to cuddle with his hyungs. He is shy at first, but once you get to know him, he is something else. He is one of many talents and abilities. He also appears to be very muscular and healthy. It's possible he can seem a smidge intimidating at first, but on the inside he is as gentle, sweet, and cuddly as a bunny rabbit. Jungkook is a great guy that nobody can possibly regret meeting. He is only joking when he picks on his hyungs because inside, he really loves them and holds them close to his heart. Jungkook is a person who will always appreciate what he has. He will always love someone for who they are no matter how crazy or different they are. He is also a very forgiving person. He just loves to be around his hyungs especially his best friend, Taehyung, and his wise hyung, Yoongi. There is no stopping him from accomplishing his dreams and goals. Born on September 1st, 1997, this maknae is getting older and older and before you know it, he will be living his own life with a family of his own. He is the greatest person ever born on that day and will always be. The golden maknae with a golden heart and a golden smile will always be loved by many.

Jersey Shore:
The reason god is mad at us.

Jorge:
Jorge is an amazing, loveable person, he just doesn't know it. He might accidentally hurt you by joking, but he is a thoughtful, caring person who is always by your side when you need him. He's the type of person who it's easy to be around and will always make you laugh. He has a charming, glowing, gorgeous smile that makes your day and amazing, swoon-worthy hair. His cheeks are always kissable and his lips are addictive. Jorges always give the best hugs and have the best arms to hold when you are sad. Jorge is perfect. The kind of person who you dream about. The kind of person you want to be with forever.

Jib:
A Canadian slang word for methamphetamine which became highly popular in Southern Ontario.

Juggalette:
Apparently likes to run around saying it's about "being yourself", while being in a group of (apparently millions) who are just like them.The music it's based on is... very profane and disturbing, lacking in any kind of depth, and the following of this borders on being a cult, but at least they're loyal, dedicated, and believe in what they're a part of.They're not all fat, or sexy, or druggies, or loose, or saints. Though there are obvious attention, self-esteem, maturity, and/or reality issues (which could be said with following any obsession of this sort to such a degree). That said, they're not ALL the same, some borderline not being an actual juggalette.Most of this occurs strictly online, where people can act as tough as they want, hookup easily, and raid in groups without fear in an act of attempted intimidation (just see earlier definitions).The lyrics are still disturbing...

Josiah:
Josiahs are some of the greatest people you will ever meet in your entire life. Josiahs tend to make everyone around them laugh and is well known for being the greatest of all time. While josiahs are usually acting a fool they are surprisingly intelligent. Josiahs are the type of person you want to know due to their good looks intelligence and just being an all around awesome dude.

j lo:
1) nickname for entertainer Jennifer Lopez;2) a big, beautiful bodonkadonk booty that you wanna grab 6 handfuls of!

jet:
To leave or vacate.

janky:
(adjective) inferior quality; held in low social regard; old and delapidated; refers almost exclusively to inanimate material objects, not to people

Jacob Sartorius:
Stupid

jim:
Trying to get your best friend's girlfriend

Jeffrey:
Very very funny guy not someone boring like Bob but everyone wants to be a Jeffrey

jessica simpson:
A woman who is probably set for life financially, not because of her music career, but through capitilizing on her disgustingly anencephalic stupidity. She makes Dubya look like Enstein.

Jazmin:
Jazmin is girl that doesn't take crap from other people. She is best friend quality she will stick up for her friends no matter what. She will always be there for her friends and family. Although its takes a while for her to open up to you but once she does you can see the real her. Her personality shows her craziness , funniness, kindness and maybe sometimes her sassiness .Uf you have a Jazmin in your life better keep her.

jackass:
1)n. A type of Donkey2)n. A stupid or idiotic person3)n. A show on MTV in which people preform dangeorus stunts that look pretty cool.4)n. See: Edwin cruz

Jacqueline:
JacquelineJacqueline is the type of girl who is the complete full package. U will always be questioning urself if its too good to be true. Jacqueline's are the expert of looks and books. They are beautiful in a way that can be interpreted to smoking hot and naturally gorgeous. At first they may seem dumb, but that's simply just an act to see what guys really care about her. Jacqueline's are exceptionally smart: both street and book. They make amazing friends, so don't ever let one go. They give the best advice and just have the natural ability to make everything seem better than it is. They are very seductive and unique. This girl knows the mind of a man. So watch out. She loves the game, and knows how to play. Don't ever piss one off, because you will be sorry. This girl is not up for a one night stand, she's too good for that. Although she may seem very cocky, there is alot about her that you would never know. She likes everyone thinking she has everything figured out, even when she has no idea. Although Jacqueline's flow with the crowd, they are naturally born Individuals.

Jag:
an irritating individual with no sense of a social filter and no realization of the implication of his actions; socially inept.

Jace:
He's a great friend and awesome boyfriend for those who are lucky enough to date him he might not seem that much but he has to be the best friend i have. If you get a Jace in your life don't leave him.

Jail Bait:
A female who is under the age of consent but who dresses, acts and appears as if she is over the age of consent and who does nothing to correct that impression when she is bedded.

Jasmin:
People who are named Jasmin have a very unique type of beauty. Girls named Jasmin never care about what people say or think of them, and she also doesn't care what she says in turn. She's a strong and independent women who sometimes finds herself caring for the people around her more then herself. She's lost. But she's finding her way. Jasmin is an amazing girlfriend, but she has trouble showing emotion. Give her sometime, it's hard for her to explain how she feels when she doesn't know what she feels herself. But when she does open up, she's gonna make you laugh, cry, question the universe, as she always questions it herself. Jasmin is an amazing person to be around, even if sometimes she seems to disappear for a few days. She's not ignoring you, she just needed some time for herself. But when she does come back around, and she will, her smile will be so big and bright you're gonna wish she never left again.

Jaime:
A girl I honestly wonder why the fuck I gave up on. Insanely gorgeous and funny as hell. Someone I'd do anything for to get back. -Dan

Jen:
A great person who is always there for you. Keep your head up and put your problems in God's hands. A person who brings out your best qualities...a person who you think about alot.

Juliana:
Juliana also known as Juli is a heckin kewl person. She is that one person you probably love just because she is that cool. While some people may claim she's not cool they are probably just hating and are most likely whack. She is amazing!

Javier:
Highly multidimensional guy with many facets. He can be a tough-headed beast doing reps on the bars one second, and then make a girl feel like a princess the next. A little flirty, but always honest, and a great deal stronger than he believes. He may not always see the good in himself, yet everyone else can see it clearly. Some days he deserves a good slap upside the back of his head, but usually, all he needs is a hug. A Javier is a lot of fun and easy to get along with, though he is very set in his beliefs where it counts. Half devil, half angel, and completely amazing.

John Cena:
Right as you cum while getting a blowjob, pull out of her mouth and blow your load right into her eyes.  Proceed to wave your hand in front of your face and go "YOU CAN'T SEE ME!"

JON:
Jon Short For Jonathan Meaning Gift From God....also known as a sex GOD ... Jonathan is a nice, well respected person and gets what he wants. Cares for his Girl friend and his close friends (they're basicly family). Jonathan Also Cares For His Family Sooo Much. you can Spell It JonathanJohnathan (gay Verison)JonJohn (gay version)

jacking off:
When Spider-Man rubs his wrist using his hand until a white sticky substance is released, often called, "His Webbing". Spidey often uses this "Webbing" as a form of transportation among other things in order to save the day. This is why when Spider-Man isn't horny, the day does not get saved.

Jess:
Jess is a name given to a girl, a common name in the UK. Jess' are lovely girls, girls with personalities bigger and brighter than the sun. they takes life as it comes, when life gets her down, she always has someone to turn to, her best friend (the flirty one, the one all the boys swoon over, they will practically live together if you're a jess, that friend is a keeper, hold her and never let go don't let people try and ruin it) Her best friend always knows what to say. Jess' are like marmite, you either love them or you hate them, simple as that. Jess' will have they're days, some good days some bad days. Jess' usually have that anger where it stems from nothing, and they just get angry! But their best friend always knows how to calm her down. She also has many guy friends. normally classed as brothers or sons. Jess' are not ones to get jealous very often, but when she does, she must really really care about them.

Jew Fro:
A fro residing on the head of a Jew

Joe mama:
A 2019 word used for a stupid reason to piss your teachers off when your playing kahoot

jelly:
Being jealous, or hating

Jakob:
Jakob is someone that is irreplaceable to you in your life. If he is a part of your family, you adore him, if he is your bestfriend you adore him, and if he is your boyfriend, then you adore him. But if he is all three of those you are head over heels in love with this kid.Jakob is spontaneous, adventurous, athletic, and so loving. He is someone with visible strength within his muscles but also within his heart. He is someone you never want to lose because he is just that incredible to you, and everyone around it can see it as well. Jacobs are common but Jakobs are rare, once you meet a Jakob you'll never look at anyone else like you do at him. There is most typically only one Jakob in your life and that one is in it forever. He is honest, and faithful, and loves you for you. Most of all though, you truly love him.

jacksepticeye:
A very loud irish youtuber. He is also the BOSS of BOSSNESS! Having over one million subscribers on youtube, he keeps a close connection to his fans. Did I mention he is BOSSSS?

Jack Off:
stimulating your penis with your hand to cause orgasm and ejaculation.  Male masturbation.

Jit:
A person who is shorter/younger than you is called a jit , commonly used in southern Florida , in Florida it's also used like a nickname

Jawn:
Philly slang for a person, place, or thing (Jawn).

Jillian:
Jillian is a friend you can always go to, she's sweet, kind, and caring person that really truly cares for other people other than herself, she can and will stand up if something is wrong, shes helpful and will be there for other people , Jill the kind of person that knows how to have a good time with others, and is also very supportive with people, Jill is someone you can go to and trust, and won't stab you in the back.

JJ:
JJ is a guy who can make you laugh and he can make you happy on your worse days he likes to fuck around with you he is the ideal boyfriend he can make the best grades he can and JJ is a mixed boy but that don't matter cuz he makes his mamma smile and she loves him with al her heart JJ will beat anyone in a fight if it is involves his girl so don't fuck with JJ cuss he will fight you if you fuck around to much.

Jd:
The coolest, funniest, smartest, sweetest, awesomest, cutest, hottest, most amazing, caring, considerate, trustworthy guy you will ever meet in your entire life.

Julio:
Julio is a very handsome guy with a kind heart. He will do any and everything to maintain a relationship. If you ever get a Julio never let him go.

JoJo:
Is a young man with exceptional abilities and talent, some times a true gentleman, some times a charlatan, and some times a high school kid, but always has mega awesome powers like breathing really good or stopping time, or he can smash a camera to take pictures far away. His father figures usually dies or isn't around I guess??? JoJo's love traveling the world, and they also love there weird small town, and some times the fight rapist gorillas on boats, and I think one was a girl maybe but still a JoJo right???? Don't ever play old Sega baseball games when 2 JoJo's are in the room, and don't make them angry by making fun of their hair. If the JoJo has a scarf he's best JoJo so far and his mom is a milf. Also if your friends with a JoJo your probably going to die, some times like a bunch of times in a row, and it's usually pretty rough, he also has a cool pet dog that fights eagles. That eagle was evil as hell anyways. JoJo is a parapaleg... some JoJo have bad legs and love horses and talk to Jesus. Mostly though JoJo kills vampires, but he's shitty at it so they come back or just float in space forever. Lastly, JoJo may have a friend nazi, but that nazi was a good guy who died fighting naked runway model vampire so he gets into heaven.

Jake Pauler:
Slang term for homosexual.

Jude:
A smart, fashionable, beautiful and an extremely hot person.They are amazing kissers, intelligent, well-mannered, caring, and fun. They are very hard to get. If you ever get a jude keep them.

Jigger:
A jew who tries to act black.

john kerry:
A man who would have brought America out of the complete clusterfuck that has become our country, a la George W. Bush. Republicans feel the need to pick on him, because it's the best defense they can come up with when Democrats point out the obvious shortcomings of the current president, creating an effect similar to the phenomena of when a chimpanzee observes humans using tools, and then tries to use tools in a similar manner.

Jersey:
Jersey, Channel Islands. A small island between France and the United Kingdom, a member of the British Isles. The American state of New Jersey derives its name from there as its founders were Jersey people.

John Lennon:
The thiccest Beatle.

Jaiden:
A totally smart, sarcastic, hilarious person. A Jaiden is always distracted, and only gives their attention to one thing in and out of school. They are sweet, and like to cuddle but also like to keep their distance from people. They aren't one for socializing and tend to lean towards drawing, reading, and singing. Even though they are shy, they love to talk and laugh with anyone who will try to talk to them.So overall, Jaidens are sweet, loving poeple. They seem dark and kinda scary, but don't be afraid to come up and talk to them. Once you get to know them, they are amazing friends. Just try to be open and truthful and kind. If you found a Jaiden, hold onto them:)

Jin:
Jin is a celebrated South Korean vocalist, humanitarian & member of BTS. He is known for his 'Silver Voice' delivering powerhouse performances that captivate audiences. Jin is known for his compassion, his kindness and his polite demenor. He has also been described as an inspiration to his fellow members in BTS. The Korean GP has dubbed him a 'manner-idol' because of his high etiquette which is supplemented by his compassion & consideration for others. Jin is a beautiful person both inside & out, as his face fits the Golden Ratio , the universally recognized highest standard of beauty. (which has also earned him the title of 'Worldwide Handsome')

jail:
being confined to a certain area that usually smells like the combo of piss, shit, feet, ass, nuts, body odor, lysol, and mildew for a preset or indefinite amount of time.  Characteristics include a 64 sq ft room with a sliding door that contains several iron bars that is opened remotely. The room also contains a stainless shitter(def #2) that hasn't been cleaned since 1989 and a bed that probably has been urinated over and jacked off on 1000s of times. (so I've heard) also clink, iron city, lockdown, tank, and bighouse

Joyce:
Oh my lord, if u know someone shamed Joyce, your really lucky! Because Joyce is truly trustworthy, pretty, nice, helpful, caring, and funny. She'll always stand by your side no matter what! Joyce can be a really great girlfiend, since she'll protect you, care for you, and love you like your the last person on Earth! Joyce can be shy if you just met her, but if u two become friends, you'll see her wild side, she's really cray-cray/crazy!!! And that's what I like about her! And if you make her mad.... Oh dear, she'll rip your head off (she's not gonna really rip your head off, she's just gonna be mad at you). But mostly, she'll forgive you and move on. But she'll never forget what the bad things you did to her.

joint:
a rolled marijuana cigarette

Juul:
A highly concentrated nicotine vaporizer which underage kids use to get a buzz. It is commonly mistaken for a USB stick which makes it easy to take use in class. A rip from this device is usually referred to as a 'wop' and the stick itself is also known as a wop machine. High school age kids often ask to use the bathroom, but instead they are getting nic rpped in the bathroom off of wops.

JEEP:
Jeep has 2 acronymsacronym 1: Just Empty Every PocketAcronym 2: Just Expect Every ProblemJeeps are objectively the best automobile ever designed but man can they be a pain in the ass sometimes.

Juggalo/Juggalette:
(note: in this definition, when I refer to "all", I don't literally mean "each and every one". Don't be fucking stupid) 1. Extremely loyal followers of the Insane Clown Posse, and psychopathic records artists in general, almost to the point of worship. 2. Claim to be different, unique, and non-conformist, yet they dress exactly the same, talk exactly the same (ICP slang that nobody else in the world uses, yet they use it when speaking to everyone), and act mostly the same. Non-conformist? No. 3. Claim to be "hated", "outcasts", and things of that nature. Every time they have a gathering, they leave garbage everywhere, trash the place, and assault people 10 on 1. And then, they wonder why people hate them. Otherwise, in reality, nobody really gives enough of a shit to hate them, but they are calling more and more negative attention to themselves.   4. Shooting-sprees, hatchet murder, killing, mass murder, necrophilia are all acceptable by juggalo standards, but don't you dare be racist or a bigot! 5. Claim that "you don't have to like ICP, or even psychopathic records to be a juggalo". This statement, in and of itself, is absolutely moronic.  Since ICP coined the term "juggalo" to refer to their fans, I doubt that die-hard Shania Twain fans are going to be calling themselves juggalos anytime soon. 6. Claim to "not give a fuck", but get extremely offended at anyone who thinks that ICP is bad, and anyone who dares to challenge their juggalo ways. 7. Claim that "haters" don't know what they are talking about, and that they "don't understand". I have been listening to ICP since 1993, longer than most of these "juggalos", and I would never refer to myself as one of them. 8. Blindly buy into the money-making juggernaut that is Psychopathic records, who sell overpriced t-shirts, hats, lighters, underwear, balloons, and just about anything else that says ICP on it, while J and 2 Dope sit back, laugh, and become millionaires.  9. Refer to other juggalos, complete strangers, mind you, as "family". If liking the same kind of music as others makes you family, well shit, I must have a lot of goddamn family! 

Justin Timberlake:
Talented singer, performer, actor, songwriter and producer. Considered living legend. Also, he is hot.

Jo:
A girl of a kind of mystery. She is open, honest, and direct, but only when asked or when she finds it necessary. Jo doesn't give her heart away easily, but when she does she falls hard. She has been broken and scarred. She just needs someone to hold her tight.(literally Jo loves to cuddle) Jo is usually a shortened version of a longer name. Most Jos have blue eyes and are average height. As well as big smiles, slimmer lips, tiny but cute butt, and big biceps. Jo loves music. And loves with her whole self will put her all into what she loves.

juicy:
A term usually used after an interestingly trivial piece of information has been said. Used with gossip and basic shit noone cares about. Said in a sexual tone of voice.

jug:
To steal, finesse

Joy:
Joys are amazing people. Super fun and definitely a ‘joy’ to be around. Joys usually love books and Netflix. Joys are they type of people to correct ‘your’ to ‘you’re’ in your texts but you love them anyways. Joys are super sweet and pretty, but often underappreciated. If she has super strict parents she will probably be kinda nerdy, as she has to do well in school. This Joy will probably not be too popular but have a few really close friends. If a Joy with chill parents, she might slack off a bit in school, but still feels really bad if she gets a bad grade. She is probably popular and always on social media. No matter what kind of Joy you know, they are all the most fun people to be around, and you are lucky if you have a friend named Joy.

Jaylen:
The coolest fucker ever! They are the fast strongest person. They are also handsome, cool, strong, brave, fun to date, they are mad lads, good friends, athletic, funny, smart, loveable, cute and AWESOME!Someone you want on your teamSomeone you can talk toThey usually have black hair brown EyesAnd Sing a lot get annoyed easy You never know what they will doRisk takers Will stand up for others

Justice:
Amazing girl , bestest of friends , popular and pretty. Loving and kind but doesn't care for drama! If you stab her back be ready for a bullet in yours

jumpoff:
1. a girl used strictly for sex, nothing else. 2. a hassle-free fuck!

Jewel:
Jewel is a girl that you'd be lucky to call your best friend. She is a badass when it comes to handling difficult situations whether its dealing with her own or helping a friend out. Jewel is very unique and a really understanding person! When feeling low she'll bring out the smile in you. Aka she can also be very adorable at times.



'Kevin':
'Kevin is basically the best boyfriend ever. He's understanding, caring, and a great listener. You can act like a five year old with him but also have heart to heart conversations. Kevin has his struggles but always puts other people first. He acts strong but has a tendency to break down and not ask for help. He has the best eyes and personality. He can always manage to make you smile. Kevin is the sweetest, funniest, most amazing guy you will ever meet. It is extraordinarily easy to fall in love with his cute, sweet, and incredible self.'

'Kyle':
'Kyle is a person who acts happy around friends but at home is emotionless and tries to ignore his feelings and help others no matter what'

'Katie':
'Katie, a girl who is the total package. She's smart, funny, incredibly athletic, crazy, nice, has a nice body, beautiful eyes, a prefect smile, and has a nice personality. She's one of those girls who doesn't let anybody walk all over her. She's tough, and doesn't like to show weakness. Katie stands up for herself and others. Katie is protective of her friends and family. She falls in and out of love quickly, and if you play with her heart, she will give you absolute hell. Katie is also a bit insecure, but she won't show it. Katie can also be a bit intimidating too. Katie isn't afraid to be herself. She doesn't care what others think of her. She is a damn crazy girl! She's a lot more sensitive than you'd expect out of her. Be careful with her please. Katie is amazing...'

'Karen':
'Middle aged woman, typically blonde, makes solutions to others' problems an inconvenience to her although she isn't even remotely affected.'

'Kayla':
'She is beautiful girl with a caring personality. She is always loyal and cares deeply about everyone. She can be scared to show her emotions and always waits for the other person to make a move. With that she has a great mind (and is very smart ) but is again scared to say because she feels no one will listen. She will always stand by her friends and family, and never neglect anyone. She make friends quickly and is very likable. She has troubles with love because of her shyness but soon finds that special someone.She has her girl-friends but hangs out with boys more often.'

'Kanye West':
'“Yo Merriam Webster, I’m really happy for you, I’ll let you finish, but Urban Dictionary has one of the best definitions of all time. One of the best definitions of all time!”'

'k':
'1. A short version of "okay"2. A very rude, hateful way to agree or acknowledge.'

'Kaylee':
'A Kaylee is a sassy, classy, beautiful, intelligent female. People who befriend Kaylees become better just for having met her. Her awesomeness is contagious and her smile is infectious. Kaylees are all that other woman hope to be. They are usually very accomplished and well rounded, good singers, dancers and writers. They are creative and assertive; unafraid to fight for what they want.'

'Kurt Cobain':
'"What else can I say?'

'Kelly':
'Beautiful, strong-willed, sexy, smart, funny, spunky, courageous, and then some . Someone you can talk to from sunrise to sunset. The most amazing girl i know, always in the fast lane. You have to learn her, because if you don't .. you will forever chase her. Dreamy eyes, you will gaze into them and loose yourself. Partying and having fun, living liFe to the fullest, someone you can count on for anything. Once you get passed the outer wall of her being a so called hardass then you get to the sweet, compassionate, comforting person. You would not pass a "Kelly" especially this one and not stop. Not one for bullshit, she has been through enough already. Her heart has a barrier outside of it, time & trust.. You will know when you get through because she will sweep you off your feet... Before you know it, you'll be sitting on a cloud with your heart floating beside you.'

'Kai':
'A name reffering to a boy with everything good in a person. Kais are huggable, sweet, romantic, talented, and smart.They have great hair, a playful personality, and they're everything good you can think of. Being humble, usually they dont admit or see how amazing they are. Kais are guys with good senses of humor and are fun to be around. Kais the nicest people you will ever meet. They'll be your shoulder to cry on, and they never break promises. With beautiful souls, and eyes full of wisdom, you'll know right away that they know a lot. Girls, if you ever find a Kai, hold on to him tight, because you'll never find someone as amazing as him ever again. Kais only come every once in a lifetime. With a big heart in his chest, and he'll accept who you are, what you do, and support you. You'll swear that he's an angel sent from above. He's a Kai. Simple as that.'

'Kate':
'Kate is unique. She is not like your average girl. She is genuine in everything she does. Her loyalty is phenomenal and you never have to doubt her. Kate's kindness inspires others to do good things. Kate is not weak though. She is a strong independent girl who can get herself through anything she sets her mind to. She is hilarious! Sometimes she has a dry sense of humor, and other times she just knows to how make people laugh :). She tends to be random at times...really random. But she knows when to be serious. Kate has been told by many that her advice changes the way they look at life. Kate has a very bubbly personality that makes anyone comfortable talking with her. She also has beauty. A nice figure with luscious hair and sparkling eyes. When she smiles, it lights up a whole room. Her intelligence is also above average. She is able to learn quickly and apply. Kate has many good personality traits, but she is not self-conceited. As a matter of fact, she has some downers too. Sometimes Kate can be a little too sarcastic. That can offend some people, but she apologizes. She also has a tendency to procrastinate from time to time. But she still manages to get everything done.And of course, the one word that is the legit definition of Kate. Pure'

'Katelyn':
'Katelyn is an all out amazing girl. She truly cares about all of her family and friends. If she says I love you she means it. Katelyn is hot,smart,talented, has a pretty smile. Sadly can't say the same thing about her laugh😂. Katelyn seems like a very shy person but once you get to know her you will know she's the complete opposite of being shy. She is not afraid of anyone. She is confident. And she wouldn't give three fucks if you didn't like her chances are she would tell you "I don't like". She doesn't like to be wrong in any way she will argue and argue till you see her point. But if your like her you can eventually convince her she's wrong. She's extremely shy with the guy she likes. But any guy would be lucky to have her. Katelyn is an all out amazing,beautiful,smart, and talented girl. And if you have a Katelyn in your life then your lucky.'

'Kaitlyn':
'️Kaitlyn is a girl who always loved to make you laugh, she tends to be quiet when in public, but when she's with her friends she goes crazy! She's a real good person to hang out with, she tends to lack self confidence, but always tries to bring other people confidence up before her. When she has a crush on a boy, you can tell. She'll blush whenever she's talking with you and is quieter than usual. She'll put her hair behind her ear, and will only confess when she feels it's safe. ️Kaitlyn is artistic, and a great artist, loves nature and will probably end up living in the country. ️Kaitlyn also has a bad side, when you piss her off she'll let you know not to do it again. She can be a bit of a bitch at times, sometimes a hypocrite, and lies at times. But she's a big jokester and will laugh with her friends until their belly hurts and you have to pee.️Kaitlyn is definitely a keeper!'

'Kelsey':
'The most beautiful and remarkable girl you will ever meet. She is funny, has a great personality, and is always fun to be around. She epitomizes all the love songs you hear on the radio. She will light up your world and if you have a shot go for it because you will never regret it. The greatest person you will ever meet. CAUTION if you get to know her you will fall for her.'

'Kylie':
'The most beautiful girl ever. She will always argue with people that say she's pretty, and is extremely stubborn. She has great taste in music and will always be self conscious about her weight, whether or not she should be. She's really smart, and freaking hilarious. She tends to fall for guys that are nowhere near good enough for her. She always keeps a smile on her face, even when she has every right to break down. But those her know her good enough will see that smile falter when she gets tired of putting up an act.'

'KFC':
'The PeTA said that the main ingredient in KFC chicken is cruelty. Cruelty must taste goddamn good.'

'kicks':
'1. shoes 2. Doing something for fun'

'Katherine':
'You will love her just as she is, but she won't see herself as you do.She shouldn't try so hard to be perfect,Trust me, perfect should try be more like HER!'

'Kenny':
'A true friend who will be there for you till the end. Sure sometimes there will be a fight between you and this person, but deep down inside this person truly does care for you. This is a person that will give you car rides home as well as any other favor for you (sexual, but not all the time). Towards the end of the day you will not be able to not think about this guy due to all the nice things he has done and the memories that will last a lifetime.'

'Kimberly':
'She is shy at first but once you get to meet her she is one crazy motherfucker . She is kind, funny,and just amazing to be friends with. She is the only person you would want to be with at any time. Kimberly will cheer you up if you are sad. If you mess with Kimberly she would kill you.'

'kys':
'means kill yourself'

'Kaden':
'On the outside, he seems like a smart, witty guy who isn't too aware of social dynamics. But, oh no, that's not quite the case; he knows things and just does tell you until the time is just right. This guy... he thinks more than you think he thinks. Yes, I know that sounds weird but this guy is up to more than you think. Nerdy? He acts like it, but oh no, you see him out of school and he is completely different. He's VERY smart and changes how he acts to meet the situation perfectly. He knows when to talk or when he be quiet. He knows when to be confident and when to be modest. He knows a lot, and he's ambitious. He doesn't want to be popular, but he wants to be respected. Kaden, he's a great guy. Very charismatic. Very logical. He's knows how other people think. With the girls, they say he's charming. And I'm salty that I'm here alone. He's no player. Don't worry about that. But he likes honest girls. He wishes that he could meet more people in life, but he knows that he'll never get to know everyone. So, perhaps you should instigate something. You won't regret it...'

'Kobe!':
'What everyone yells when they shoot a fadeaway jumpshot with a paper ball into the garbage can.'

'Kira':
'A beautiful, elegant girl. Her presence instantly commands the respect of everyone she meets. Perfection is the word that describes her--every single characteristic and feature of her is flawless. She's that girl everyone wants to be; popular, but friendly, nice and approachable. She's got an athletic, boyish side, but mostly is girly and feminine. Although she is friendly to everyone, she has a group of friends she's closest with. But most importantly, she has confidence--Kira is not the type of girl to get upset over another person's derogatory comments. She is calm and collected always, and possess the ability to make rational, moral decisions in extremely chaotic situations. Everyone thinks highly of Kira, and ones who don't are simply jealous of her.'

'KKK':
'Ku Klux Klan; organizaton that that feels that white people are the master race and that black and jews should be eliminated.  General Nathan Bedford Forrest of the Confederacy acted as the first Grand Wizard, or national leader fo the KKK, on or about 1864.'

'kool aid':
'A drink available in a variety of flavors, mixed as a powder with water and sometimes sugar. Anyone growing up struggling financially, ergo living in the projects, would know that kool aid is not described by flavor, but by color, with the exception of grape. see below.'

'Keira':
'Keira is a type of girl that would kick your ass of you'd piss her off. She is Intelligent,Sweet (sometimes), Beautiful (But just doesnt know), and funny.She would also maybe have brown hair and hazel eyes. She also has a very, very weird side to her.'

'Kyla':
'Kyla is a wonderful girl who's been through a lot and still has a smile on her face every time I see her. She's friends with everyone but likes to be alone most of the time. She's a fighter but only for what she believes is right. She's crazy loyal to the people she loves and would do anything for them even if they're not close anymore. She's one of those people who just perseveres no matter what. She's an inspiration and I'm happy she's in my life.'

'Kendall':
'A beatiful girl with many friends. She is often crazy, but once you get to know her she is the most lovable people you will ever meet. Her funny attitude gives her countless friends. But don't be fooled by this witty personaltity, she can be the most romantic person ever. I seriously think I'm in love with this girl.'

'kittens':
'Cute little fluffballs'

'Kpop':
'Kpop is Korean pop. It is very contagious. The idols are absolute crackheads that can sing, dance, and rap. They are very pleasing to the eye. But don't be fooled. They're just 5 year olds in disguise. Welcome to the club.'

'keemstar':
'A garden gnome.'

'Kaleb':
'Kaleb is a goofy boy that always makes you laugh. Kaleb is a lowkey freak but dosent admit it. Kaleb is cute even though he thinks he's not. Get you a Kaleb!'

'kanye':
'to steal another person's moment of acknowledgment, spotlight, and attention by interrupting them as they are talking'

'karma':
'Getting what you give~if you're mean, you get bad karma~bad things happen. If you're kindly & nice, you'll get good karma~good things will happen.'

'Katrina':
'A girl typically with bright brown or hazel eyes and beautiful inside and out. Katrina's believe in true love, and have honest great advice that you can depend on. A Katrina is naturally bright but misunderstood. Some of them get hurt, but the fall right back on their feet. It's rare to have a friend or relative named Katrina, because no one is normally fit to have the name. Katrina's are always there for you and hold few people close to their heart.Katrina's have amazing personalities, they inherit the best traits out of their families. They always find the good in people, and are very loyal. But if you ever cross one, they can hold grudges or severely hurt you if you hurt someone close to them. Katrina's can be a little dorky but lovable and many look up to them. They're loved by many and are all in all amazing even though some Katrina's don't realize it.Katrina's can be stubborn and don't like compliments. They are very lyrical and talented while some are very interested in quotes, song lyrics, etc. They will always be a shoulder to cry on, and can be the best girl you will EVER meet.'

'Kara':
'A skinny beautiful girl. Often laughs alot, and can cheer anyone up with just the sound of her laugh. A very good friend, always there when you need her. Her sense of humor is often mistaken for annoyance. Always happy even when she's sad on the inside. Could be a loyal and faithful girlfriend. Loves to party even if it means having some regretful moments.'

'Kids':
'The reason condoms were invented.'

'Kiss':
'The sweetest thing a guy can do without bein an ass.'

'Kyra':
'She’s the girl. The girl many want but she only wants one person. She’s the girl you’d do anything for. Her smile is beautiful. She is beautiful. She defines beauty. She’s a marvellous creature. She dazzles all. She talented and always puts everyone else first. She’s unique and loving. She’ll always stick by you no matter what. Even if it means her being hurt. If she’s taken then he is a very lucky person to have such a jewel. Kyra is someone you can travel with, try new things with, look at the stars with and even feel pain with. Kyra is a star. She is gorgeous and sweet. She’s different to everyone else and she likes that that about herselfs. She’ll always be there for you no matter what. And when she loves someone she makes it known. She will love them hard and she won’t care what others think. She’s shy and is very self conscious but people adore her. She does have her confident moments tho.'

'Kenneth':
'A person that no one can ever reject. If you get to know a Kenneth, and he knows you, you are the luckiest person alive. Nothing beats Kenneth. Hes sexy, with a sexy smile and hairstyle, and has awesome eyes. You have to get a friend like Kenneth. Gotta be a phan of Kenneth!'

'Karina':
'She is a natural beauty! Makeup or none she is pure beauty.She may seem shy at first but let her open up and she'll be a blast. She doesn't like the typical fairytale guys, she likes them REAL. Doesn't like stuck up guys or crybabies. Many guys will want to get at her, but she knows it wont work out. She'll tell the guys the honest true if she actually has feelings towards him or not. They have their own unique style mixed with some other kinds. She has a beautiful smile that can light up a room. She'll hold back on things back, but be aware she will blow up someday. So always remember to have a Karina in your life they are the BEST!'

'Kennedy':
'A Kennedy is one of a kind, With her you get everything, beauty and a unique personality. Her smile can make your day instanstly, her voice makes you want to just listen for hours. She is one you can be mad at but still love, one you just want to wrap your arms around at night and fall asleep with, one you just want to hold on to forever. 2 days is all you need to fall in love with this girl as a friend and a lover. She complains about being fat but in fact beautiful. She is so needed, you can't fall asleep without hearing her voice at night, or start a day without waking up to her voice, so needed, you can't last a minute with out her. A Kennedy is a really busy person, appreciate every short little moment you spend with her. If you're lucky enough to have her, you should never let her go. Cherish her all you can, leave everything and give her the attention, be with her when she needs you. Overall, she is one perfect girl.I Love you BabyBunch :*'

'Kim':
'Kim is a really nice girl ,she is shy at first but when you get to know her she is mad ,she's not afraid to make new friends ,she is really nice to talk to and is really funny,she is a legend,she loves chocolate and loves listing to music,kim is upsets with that one boy,she is so nice ,she has an unreal figure ,She has brunette hair and it's long,she loves to text,she hates when people don't text back,she has many friends,she is so cool and is amazingly Perfect,she loves that one boy,and she loves her bed'

'Kayleigh':
'Abbreviation of the Gaelic word ceilidh, meaning gathering and dance.Kayleigh's are beautiful but have very low self esteem and don't believe that they are actually gorgeous.Kayleigh's are kind&caring&very bright.Kayleigh's make very good and honest friendships they are so caring. If a Kayleigh calls you her friend you are extremely lucky. Don't ever take her for granted.Kayleigh's have very distinctive eyes and are often known as their "best feature".Kayleigh's are very sensitive and emotional individuals.'

'Kardashian':
'An irritating species that dwells in the lovely state of California. They like their coffee how they like their men, except for the exception of Scott Disick. They use strange vocabulary because they never got an education. Plastic surgery is their god and they wouldn’t be rich without it. They’re so desperate for attention they’ll post nudes on their social media’s even though they have fucking kids.'

'kiwi':
'a very underrated song written by the one and only harry styles.fans are convinced the song states the following message ;K= Kendall I= IW= wasn'tI= interested'

'Kiki':
'A party including good music and good friends, held for the express purpose of calming nerves, reducing anxiety and stress and generally fighting ennui. May involve locked doors, tea and salacious gossip.'

'Kari':
'The prettiest unicorn in all the lands. She gallops on a rainbow of sour skittles, to a pot of lucky charms where a leprechaun (person McNugget) named Bill gives her a thousand hairless kittens. She then transforms into a raptor and rrRRRRAAAHhhhhh-runs away with her kittens mewing along behind.Kari is an incredibly beautiful (inside and out) woman who is empathetic and cares deeply for her friends. She has the largest heart and extends her love to everyone, including in volunteering opportunities with people who need love the most. She is a loyal friend and an honest friend, valuing the importance of accountability and being appropriately called out - always with love and understanding. To be perfectly frank, words cannot completely describe how amazing this girl is.'

'Kim Kardashian':
'A talent-less creature that resides in the depths of Beverly hills. The Kim Kardashian is an intriguing creature as it's body is made out of 85% plastic, although this is physically impossible scientists are still baffled on how this creatures exists.The Kim Kardashian is extremely famous due to it's extremely high sexual potency which leads to it creating very bad sex tapes. The Kardashian is known to breed in a concerning rate as it gives birth to two young per marriage than divorces annually.The Kim Kardashian is mentally controlled by the Queen Kardashian known as a 'Kris Jenner" or Scientifically named "The Utalenteuos Whoreous" Thankfully the Kris Jenner is no longer fertile however she has whole new litter that will soon produce a new generation of attention whore's.'

'Kat':
'Kat is talented in many areas, but the greatest thing about her is her heart.She is admirable, kind and always ready to comfort someone who is upset.She would generally be quite successful in the Performing Arts, especially if that is where her interests are.She is a great advice giver and is easy to talk to, but never makes judgements.She is too often taken for granted and overlooked. She is a beautiful person, both in appearance and personality.It doesn't take long for her to make friends, but she is likely to be drawn to befriending the wrong people who will take advantage of her reliability and niceness.If you have a friend like this, don't ever underestimate them or take them for granted. If you are lucky enough to have a friend like this, keep her and don't let anyone hurt her because she wouldn't let anyone hurt you!'

'Kristen':
'Kristen is the most beautiful, smartest, and sexiest girl in the world, with a wild and untamed spirit, an astonishingly kind heart, and a deep heavy soul. She is the girl you wait for against all odds.The first time you see her, you will be curious. Her curly red hair, her child-like innocent eyes that hide a world of pain, her stunningly precious smile that will melt your heart- everything about her will make you curious. You will admire her confidence, her elegance, her sharp wit. Then you start getting to know her. When you walk through her forests, swim across her rivers, climb up her mountains, gaze upon her sunrises and sunsets- you will find yourself utterly lost in her world, and you will enjoy every moment of it.She will be there for you in your joys and sorrows, with a smile and an open arm. She will take care of you in ways you didn't think was possible, or that you needed. She will give you the most thoughtful gifts, without expecting for anything in return. She will show you what it means to be a lady, and teach you what it means to be a man.You will learn what love is through her, true unconditional love. You will do anything to protect her precious smile, to wipe away her tears, to pick up her broken pieces. You will find the courage to wrap your life around her, to love and cherish her with everything that you are. Suddenly, forever becomes too short a time to spend a life with her.So you settle for forever.'

'kinky':
'Something relating to, having, or appealing to unconventional tastes especially in sex.'

'Keegan':
'Keegan is a boy so sweet, kind, and incredibly handsome he makes every girl swoon. Any girl who has a Keegan is so damn lucky to have him. Keegan plays video games and stays awake for the girl he loves. He would do anything for her. Any girl lucky enough to have a Keegan better keep him. He will do anything to make you laugh, or smile. He brightens up everyone’s day.'

'Kathryn':
'A girl who is: amazing, beautiful, gorgeous, and practically perfect. She has eyes like a goddess, they sparkle in the light. Her eyes are best noticed when she laughs/smiles. She always is able to make someone laugh and gives the best hugs. She is very talented, even though she is totally and completely bubbly and outgoing, she has her shy moments. She has a caring and compassionate side BUT she always loves a good party. She doesn’t like to stop having fun, and she always wants to try something new. She has a way of making any moment of the day better with her smile and eyes. She is told by many that she is gorgeous and she blushes and tries to not talk about it. When guys look into her eyes, they can see the amount of kindness and generosity that is within her. She is a strong-minded chick, and doesn’t ever give up on something/someone. She is easily fallen for and she falls easily too. Her personality is very ‘colorful’, she is bubbly, kind, funny, passionate, easy-going, strong-minded, talented, gorgeous, sweet, amazing, and she is known for listening and always helping others. She normally puts herself last just to help others. She has a rocking body and is just completely adorable. She is beautiful to the extreme. When guys look into her eyes, they can’t help to not lock eyes with her, and when they do they feel as if the world has just stopped'

'Ke$ha':
'A drunk bitch who is a kinda chub verison of Taylor Swift. Her voice is so obviously autotuned it's ridiculous, and she dresses like the average pop music ho. Her lyrics are kinda stupid, but people like her songs anyways.'

'Kristina':
'Kristina is the meaning of swag. She has so much swag that people beg her to share her swag wisdom. Kristina is beautiful, smart and always welcoming new people into her life. Kristina can be really weird, but is super funny. She is known to make everyone have a great day always. Don't doubt Kristina, there is more than meets the eye. a Tina has a beautiful smile enchanting eyes and a great figure with a killer butt. If their is ever a hip-hop/swag contest and a Kristina is there, place your bet on her ;)'

'kidz bop':
'Kidz Bop noun A horrible CD filled with overplayed songs sung by children who are all on ritalin. Their "videos" consist of them running around laughing and dancing, while singing. In short, a pedophile's wet dream.'

'Kirsten':
'Kirsten is a sweet,loving, and kind girl. She will always take 2 chances. She knows how to get a guy to like her. She seems very shy sometimes, but when you get to know her, she is a very talkative and loud girl. She hates when people call her "Kerstin". Normally she looks happy, but there is always something wrong that she is trying to hide. She will do anything to make anyone's day better. She is the type that is girly but not to girly. She does sports, and people often say she is athletic. She is an amazing and beautiful girl. You won't find anyone like a Kirsten.'

'Kris':
'Kris is a name that give you a wave of love. It's someone that is irreplaceable, Gorgeous and a really rare man. They are very funny and itellaget. If you ever find a Kris you are so so lucky!!'

'Kobe Bryant':
'One of the 3 greatest basketball players to ever lace me up. We all yelled Kobe when shooting fade-away jumpers. He made us motivated and us hoopers inspired to jack up jumpers from 50! We will never forget you RIP KOBE JELLY BEAN BRYANT'

'Kenzie':
'Kenzie is one of the most craziest people you will ever meet in life. She is very hyper and loves to be around people. Kenzie is someone that will make you laugh even when your feeling down. However, Kenzie is very sensitive and her feelings get hurt easily. She's not really a sports kind of person but loves to be outside. When you meet Kenzie for the first time, she is very shy. But as she starts warming up to you she gets very hyper. Kenzie always tries to make people feel happy when their down. And she won't take no for an answer. Truly people think that Kenzie is embarrassing or annoying, but the truth is, she probably just wants to be your friend.'

'Kiara':
'A beautiful girl with a gorgeous personality (funny, kind, sweet etc) She is everything u want in a Friend, BestFriend and Girlfriend. Kiara is such a lovely person & will always cheer u up when you’re sad and she always makes u laugh. She is very chill & she would be the coolest person once u meet her, she makes many friends and everyone has to LOVE being around her. altho it seems like she has a hard personality, she is very emotionally fragile as she wears her heart on her sleeves & trusts too many people that she ends up getting hurt. She always try to be kind and to help others as much as she can but she is very energetic along with lazy. She gives the best advice ever so u should always go to her for help, in whatever situation she will be there. Even tho she is a sweet hearted person she also doesn’t care and let’s life throw anything at her, always looking for fun, Kiara tends to get in trouble for taking chances and trying new things since she is very adventurous and dare devil-y, she always stands up for what she believes in & she is not afraid to put up a fight. Be careful tho, break her and she will never let it go, she may forgive u but she will NEVER let it go. She is also very pretty, smart and intelligent, and the one thing u HAVE to love about her, is her smile, her slime lights up the room & u just want to start smiling. She is shy at first and weird but she’s just a perfect imperfect person.{also to mention she has a really nice booty🍑}'

'king':
'A term of high respect and consolation used among (usually young) men. More personal and intense than simply bro. Likely arose as a logical reaction to young women referring to each other as queens.'

'Kirby':
'Bitch really?THAT'S THE NAME YOU SHOULD KNOWHE'S THE STAR OF THE SHOW HE'S GOT MAXIMUM PINK'

'Kendra':
'A young woman with a glazing smile appears to make you fall in love with her eyes , but one hell of a devil when mad , always gonna be there to make you smile and she's full of laughter and joy'

'Kiera':
'Kiera is such a beautiful name. Kiera is beautiful in general. She is absolutely stunning and and if you ever have the chance of meeting a Kiera, keep her close to your heart. Kiera doesn’t settle for an average boy, she will date a couple but then there’s that 1, that 1 boy who she will never get over losing. She admits she doesn’t still like him, but we all know she does. She doesn’t make it obvious, Kiera can hide things so deeply but still feel the same. Even if she didn’t like him she will always have a part of her that wants him back. Kiera deserves the world. She has gone through heaven and hell and deserves a chance of full happiness. Kiera’s style is soft and gentle. Funky and stylish outfits but loves the softie aesthetic. She deserves everything and all of her friends hopes she gets it. Did I mention she gives the best hugs<3'

'Kylee':
'Best Girlfriend ever, will make you laugh even when your in the worst mood possible, smart but not too smart, nice, and thinks she's ugly and trash but she's not'

'Kailey':
'Kailey is one of a kind. She marches to the beat of her own drum (not a follower) She's the athletic type. Kailey is also the brilliant person but what comes out of her mouth can sometimes be stupid. She gets lost a lot. Kailey can defend others but not her self. She has a nice ass. She's truthful if she doesn't like you she will confront you. She's also loves cuddles epsically with the ones she cares and loves a lot. Kailey falls for people she knows she will never have chance with. Kailey fakes her smile sometimes but only true people who care about her will notice it. Kailey will go out of her way to make everyone happy. She has strong realationships with all of her friends because of how long they have known one another. Kailey is also the type of person that if she crys in front of you all you have to do is hug her and she will fine. But if she's someone she loves/ cares about she will do what ever it takes to see a smile on there face. Kailey is the type of person that If you tell her a secret she will hold on to it and never spill the beans. She's the type to have long talks over the phone or take nice walks on the beach and cry and laugh and just be her self. She's there for everyone. She also has nice eyes that change with her mood'

'kewl':
'how cartman pronounces "cool"'

'Karla':
'Karla is smart, beautiful girl and loyal friend. She don't like when people talks behind her back. She doesn't like fake people and girls who thinks that there are the only beautiful and sexy girls in the world. She can be bitchy sometimes and make some people who hate her fell like a shit. She is a girl who can always make you laugh and be there for you when you fell like shit.'

'Kim Jong Un':
'The little fat boy from the movie "up"'

'kill':
'to make one un-alive'

'Karl':
'International man of mystery and friend of ham.'

'Katy':
'A Katy is a beautiful girl who’s smile brightens up a room. She is a kind, funny, and caring friend. She is one of the best people you could ever meet. Katy makes everyone laugh and smile all the time. Katy is the most kind and caring person you could meet. She cares greatly about everybody and works hard to show it. She makes all the boys fall for her, and is absolutly amazing. If u get a Katy hold on to her and never let go. Katy is extremely funny and can always cheer anybody up. She has an amazing sense of humor and uses it to cheer everyone up. Katy is a friend to everyone and is the sweetest person you will ever meet. If you know a Katy, hold on to her tight and never let go. If you care for her, she will make sure to care for you. Katy helps with anything you need and is glad to do it for you. Katy is a girl's best friend, and a guy's best friend. She will always be there for you, no matter what happends.'

'Kitty':
'Kitty (kit'e) n: Soft, cute, playful with fangs and claws.'

'Kristin':
'A fair skinned rural goddess. Sharp tongued and quick witted. Sexy as hell.'

'Kaitlin':
'The best friend that you could possibly ever have. She is always there for you whenever you need her and she always know what to say and do to every situation. One of the most hilarious people that you will ever meet in your entire life. Kaitlin's love babies and are some of the most caring people that you will ever meet. Kaitlin's are usually very athletic and good at a large variety of sports. Kaitlin's can also be described as hard working. Any guy would be lucky to have a Kaitlin because they are everything that any guy would ever want and more. Kaitlin's are extremely pretty and most of the time don't even realize it even though the rest of the world clearly does. If you ever have the chance to have a Kaitlin in your life I would definitely let her in!'

'K.Fed':
'Some white guy who thinks he can rap just because he's married to Britney Spears. Also refuses to pick up any dog crap in his house if his wife sees it first.'

'keith':
'our great lord & savior'

'Kayden':
'american name meaning fighter. Someone who is handsome, light hearted, smart, funny, dedicated, successful, loving, strong. may also be stubborn, verbal, indecisive, forgetful. Not afraid to go for what they believe in.'

'KoRn':
'A band out of Bakersfield that created Nu-Metal. Line up:John Davis - lead vocalist and bagpipe player. He can scream, sing, and he occasioanally does scat singing, too. His vocal styles vary quite a bit on each album. Fieldy - Contrary to the post by Switch (dumbass).. a pretty awesome bass player. Capable of slapping, double slapping, double popping, and standard finger plucking. Munky - The RHYTHYM guitarist for KoRn. Munky does NOT play lead, as some tards may think.. just watch any live video. It is pretty easy to distinguish what he is playing compared to Head on the recordings. Munky plays all of the droning chords (sometimes accompanied by Head), and most (if not all)of the parts that use a wah pedal. He also created the Ibanez K7 with Head. Head - The lead guitarist of the band.. or at least he used to be. He left because he was so strung out on drugs that he turned to christianity. Plays all of higher-pitched guitar parts choruses (ie: Here to Stay, Trash, Hey Daddy, Got the Life, etc.), and generally uses less guitar effects than Munky during the verse part of the song.  David Silveria - Drummer for KoRn. Started playing with Fieldy, Head, and Munky when he was only 13; having to get permission from his mom. Uses Tama drums and hi-hat along with Paiste cymbals. KoRn is respected by many rappers and rockers alike. They were also the second white group ever to play at the Apollo in Harlem; preceeded by Buddy Holly in the late 1950's.. quite an accomplishment. Every single ablum they have ever released has gone platinum at least once.'

'kirk':
'aloof, mysterious, misunderstood, creative, wise, understanding, empathetic, carries the weight of the world on his shoulders. Constantly thinking big, a humanitarian, philosophical, intelligent. Very slow to anger, but when pushed to breaking point, fights like a demon. periodically lapses into bouts of depression. A romantic (secretly) prefers to play it cool, a drifter. Potentially as bad-ass as John Connor. His presence lingers. A spectre at times, dissappearing into the ether.'

'Kavanaugh':
'to become angry, unhinged, and belligerent without ever answering a question directly.'

'Kentucky':
'The only state where bourbon is made. If it's made somewhere else, it's just whiskey--not bourbon. '

'kim taehyung':
'a god'

'Krystal':
'A beautiful, intelligent, and sweet girl who will steal your heart from the moment you lay eyes on her. She has beautiful long brown hair and glimmering big brown eyes. Her smile is so beautiful she'll make you smile just by looking at her. She's the most perfect girl and cares for everyone.'

'Kian':
'Kian is someone everyone needs in their life. He is the sweetest funniest and overall the best person you will ever meet. He has a amazing looks with an abnormally large cock. You might find you desribe him as a “really nice/lovey person” if so you should make the decision to return this loveliness with a substantial reward. Hold onto Kian.'

'Krista':
'She is the most beautiful woman in the world! One look at her and you instantly fall in love! Her beauty is match by her amazing personality! She's kind, caring, sweet, hilarious, and has an amazing ability to deal with bull shit and give you some right back! She's fearless, but tender! She's always the life of the party and is always a blast to be with! Even tho she says she has her faults, she is perfect! I'm madly in love with this woman! There is no one I'd rather be with! Every second away from her is like I'm missing a piece of my heart! She is my everything! If you saw her, you might just see what I see! I love you so much!'

'Ku Klux Klan':
'A Group of Ignorant Rednecks who Dress up in bedsheets and protest because they are still but hurt from the civil war. Known For having the mental capacity of a potato.'

'Kawaii':
'An adjective in Japanese meaning " pretty; cute; lovely; charming; dear; darling; pet" It's stem is two kanji meaning "can love". It is commonly used by anime and manga fans.'

'kk':
'OK, cool. closest to gotcha or sure in conversation. very similar to roger in CB usage.Importantly, using "kk" instead of "Okay" avoids any suggestion of sarcasm or doubt. There are lots of ways of inflecting Okay. kk is just pure acknowledgement; your message is received. And it is fast to type.'

'kazaa':
'gives you more virus's than the U.S have dropped on vietnam. it'll cost more to fix your computer than you'll save on songs dont bother unless you have broadband and update your anti virus everyweekend i even know a few hackers who dont even bother using kazaa for sending them. summary: DONT BOTHER'

'kane':
'kane is a very cool and cute dude. His eyes are as pretty and blue as the sky. He is so funny and he can make you laugh on your worst day. He was a present from Jesus Christ . Nobody has every seen a prettier thing than kane'

'Katy Perry':
'A female singer who kissed a girl and liked it and who thinks you're gay...'

'KSI':
'A youtuber that uses the phrases:Bamgin Aknihow Gangshit'

'Kachow':
'If you are in a red car and you pass another car, you are obligated to flash your headlights and yell "Kachow!" Or when you get into a car accident.Yes my dude'

'ken':
'It literally means "know" in Scottish. Can also mean "know what i mean?" in Scottish.'

'Kyler':
'a one of a kind pain in the butt and one who is never afraid to go above and beyond what is expected of them. A regular Robin Hood putting others before themselves.People are drawn to these guys like flies, as everyone is mesmorized by their unique personalities and ability to make you smile with just a look.Often a wiseguy cracking jokes only they think are funny!!!'

'kanye'd':
'Urban Dictionary I'm really happy for you and Imma let you finish, but Websters dictionary is the best dictionary of all time.'

'Kaya':
'An amazing, witty, talented girl who you are extremely lucky to have as a friend. She knows a ton of people, but only has about 3 amazing best friends. She loves them all to death, and they love her too. She never thinks she is better than anyone else, but never thinks badly of herself. She is also very intelligent, most likely in gate. She believes that everyone deserves to be loved. Everyone wants to be her friend, and the few that are know how blessed they are to have her in their lives.'

'Koreaboo':
'Someone who is obsessed with Korean culture so much they denounce their own culture and call themselves Korean. They usually are kpop fanatics (not fans) or fans of League of Legends or other competitive games popular in South Korea. However there is a line; if someone just likes the music, language and culture they are not classed as a koreaboo.'

'key':
'Kilogram, usually refering to narcotics.'

'kiana':
'kiana is very hilarious , powerful and strong girl. she cares very much for her friends but get on the bad side of her it will not be pretty . kiana has a side of her that is very dangerous but she can act totally opposite in school and with faimly.'

'Kieran':
'Kierans are very kind hearted. They'll be there to help you out when you need it the most. They'll enjoy making jokes and love making you smile. They are also very good kissers. They can be shy at first as well. Kierans are also very intelligent, and can accomplish anything they put their mind to.'

'Kali':
'She is the most amazing person in the world. She lights everything up with her smile and laugh. She is artistic and looks at life abstractly. She is the best a cuddling and cheering everyone up. She is hard to get but any man who does is in for the best time of his life. She is cute and fairylike.'

'Kasey':
'A very kind, lovable, beautiful girl. She is very funny and a great friend. Girls envy her but she doesn't know why. She doesn't believe anyone's compliments. She is mistreated and misunderstood. She wishes to be someone she is not. She doesn't love life but hides it with a smile. Kasey believes she will never be enough. Everyone loves her though. If you know a kasey you are extremely lucky. If you get the chance to date a kasey never let her go. She will do anything for you. She will love you more than you will ever know. She is beautiful and perfect.'

'K.I.A.':
'K.I.A. is a military Shortform for "Killed in Action"'

'Kelis':
'Beautiful , smart , sweet with a little bit of attitude... she's smart athletic outgoing and has a great sense of humor who love to dance and listen to music but please don't cross her the wrong way she will fight you.'

'Knob':
'Knob <n>1) The penis2) An obnoxious person To Knob <v>3) The act of (hard) intercourse  See also knob-head'

'Kathleen':
'1. Shes a very special person.2. She always got your back.3. very VERY sexy4. shes loving and caring5. Coolest mofo alive6. you'll definitely love her.7. admired by many8. awesome. Why? well just because.If you meet a kathleen, make her your girlfriend before its to late..it was for me.'

'Kik':
'A messaging app whose popularity rose with the advent of online dating sites, and apps like Whisper (*shudders*). A little less personal than normal texting or email. Limited selection of dopey-looking emojis. Although used by a diverse range of people, one more often encounters a hella lotta grammer lyk dis, bae.A true bastion of the uneducated and the thirsty.'

'Kaiden':
'A boy who is broken but can be fixed, sweet,funny,playful and very dirty minded. Sometimes seems to be very sad but can be cheered up with a smile. Has deep eyes deeper than the ocean, a smile to me you fall in love with him. The ladies should watch out he's a keeper. He hides his feelings very well, usually tall blonde or brown hair and very overwhelmingly handsome<3I love you kaiden.'

'Kurt':
'The definition of a best friend. Would do anything for a friend and would stand by them through anything. Also a big lover of music. Used music to cope with things and to help friends through hard times. Also has one killer sense of style. Always knows what to say. He's also very unique in himself. He's not like most other guys you meet but once you get to know him you wouldn't want to to trade him for anything. He's really an amazing human being a true gift from god. Anyone should be so great ful to have a Kurt in their life.'

'Keaton':
'The best guy you will ever meet. He has perfect blue eyes. He second guesses himself even tho he's perfect. Usually only dates one girl for a long time and is very committed. He has the best friends ever. And he makes an amazing boyfriend. He's the best kisserrr ever. Anyone who meets him will fall in love with him right away.'

'Kody':
'Kody is an amazing guy, super sweet and I can never be mad at him no matter what I don’t know why. If you have kody as a boyfriend or best friend your very lucky. He’s so kind, nice, sweet and very caring about his friends and family but he is very strong you don’t wanna mess with him.'

'K town':
'K-Town is a nickname for an area of a series of Chicago streets whose names begin with the letter K.'

'Kevin Durant':
'to leave your team and join the team you can't beat'

'kinfolk':
'Friends or relatives.'

'Kameron':
'A handsome, skinny guy who eats a lot and yet isn't fat, he's built for his size and he's a pretty tall guy. He has an amazing girlfriend who he believes is the perfect girl in the world. He's a real gentleman and freak at the same time.'

'Kunt':
'A term used to describe any of the Kardashian women or at least how they would spell it.'

'Kale':
'A Kale is a sexy beast with the ability to tempt anyone around. A Kale is really cute and super duper fli. Loves to handle business and taste amazing. Always puts in work.Kale Charles Daddy'

'Kacey':
'She is beautiful, kind and has a great sense of humour. Any boy would be lucky to have her. She is very creative and is very good at art. Although she is kind, she can lose her temper very quickly. She can also get very weird.'

'Kathy':
'A wonderful woman. Cares deeply and sincerely about people. May put her heart on the line for the wrong people, but that is how God made her. Walks in her own giftings, which others are jealous of and they try to walk in them. Misunderstood a lot. Beautiful inside and out. Has been through more than most in life, but handles it quietly. She doesn't have a manipulative bone in her body, and would never take insecurities out on others. Honest to a fault. Glad to call her a friend.'

'Kansas':
'1.) The most centralized state in the United States of America. This is the homestate of former Republican Presidential Candidate Bob Dole.2.) An excellent Progressive Rock band that made its start in Topeka during the early 70s. Their greatest hits include "Song For America", "Carry On My Wayward Son", "Point of Know Return", "Fight Fire With Fire", "Relentless", and "Dust in the Wind". The frontmen for the band are Kenny Livgren and Steve Walsh.'

'Kaylie':
'A extremely beautiful girl. She is very nice but shy when you first meet her. Once she knows you she could talk for hours. Gaining her trust is rare and only few have it. If she tells you she loves you trust her she means it. She is the sweetest, funniest, craziest, most beautiful girl you will ever meet. She is a fragile and emotional girl. She has the personality of a bestfriend and if you have her keep her. She won't tell you when something is wrong , she will hide it and you will have to beg to get it out of her. Her friendship is the realest you will ever find. She will hide her pain behind her smile and even her friends won't know. She is very true to her feelings and will always be there to help you through your own problems.She wull always add light and humour to any situation and will try to make peace through any issues. Kaylie is on the short side with light brown hair and eyes that change from blue to green to grey. She is a ticklish and flinchy person. Behind her beautiful smile is a land of craziness. She is smart but doesn't like showing it. Kaylie has an amazing voice but only few have ever heard it. Her body is a short to medium height and is skiny but has a big to medium butt.'

'K.I.T.':
'Ta keep in touch'

'K.J':
'K.J is a nice loyal person who eyerone would like to get to know. That is very attractive and pleasing to others who is also good at sports and making others laugh.And who would ride or die for any friends.'

'Keanu Reeves':
'Chuck Norris 2019'

'Kyleigh':
'Kyleighs are the dopest kind of people. Usually tall and cute af, they make the most loyal friends and are super fun to hang out with because they are always down for anything. Kyleighs are hella chill, and basically everyone is cool with you if your name is Kyleigh. They are also super talented musically, but always on the low, since they don't like to brag. Though anything but basic, Kyleighs do love their Starbucks and Target runs. If your name is Kyleigh, you're probably funny, equally down to watch both Disney and horror movies, and always down for a quiet Friday night spent playing the Sims.'

'Kmart':
'A dead retail store where the shelves and parking lot are always empty!'

'kook':
'A person regarded as strange, eccentric, or crazy.'

'Koala':
'Koalaling- the act of one person wrapping their limbs around another person or thing; 2. an intimate way of cuddling; 3 a very adorable thing to do.'

'kool':
'the KOOl way to spell cool'

'Kassidy':
'Kassidy is name given to girls of extraordinary charactistics .kassidys are outgoing and exciting .they tend to bottle up there feelings and put on a smile to make her self feel better.Any Kassidy and brighten up your day with one look because there is no doubt she would bust out laughing .kassidys laugh at anything and everything .she is highly intelligent and exceeds all standards by far.kassidys get along best with guys .her best friend will most definitely be a guy that understands her .kassidy stands in a category by herself because no one could replace or take on the role of Kassidy .most definitely one of a kind and if u ever meet of be friend a Kassidy u are very lucky and clearly blessed.'

'kip':
'chiefly british slang:1. kip (n): a rooming house; a room or bed in a rooming house.2. kip (n): "bed."3. kip (n): "nap;" "rest;" "bit of sleep."4. kip (vi; kipped, kipping): "sleep."  sometimes used with "down," equivalent to "bed down." etymology: danish "kippe," "cheap inn."'

'kingdom hearts':
'Surprised many in the gaming and anime world.KH is a collaboration between Disney, Disney Interactive and Square-Enix (know for their Final Fantasy series).  It is an RPG on the PS2, and you play a young boy named Sora, who is welder of a weapon called the "KeyBlade". Sora's home is destroyed and his friend (a cheerful red-head)named Kairi- is taken by a force called the "Darkness" Sora is tossed into an adventure and is aided by the loveable Goofy (a knight), and short tempered Donald Duck (a wizard). Together they are looking for a light to stop the darkness.  While Kingdom Hearts had a huge amount of critism from so "hardcore" gamers and anime watchers who say "i hate Disney" Kingdom Hearts has proved them wrong and has become a loved game with a good fanbase. Its a game that has made its permanent mark in game history due to its sources.'

'Kush':
'A high grade strand of marijuana.'

'Kay':
'(proper noun) - name which means:a. the hottest girl on the planetb. fun-loving c. smart and wittyd. someone you should keep for the rest of your lifee. your perfect girl'

'Love':
'this is my definition of love. Every time you see and talk to this person you get butterflies in your stomach. You start to feel a bundle of emotions. You would do anything for this person including taking a bullet for them. You can't function without them. If they left nothing would be the same everything would be ruined'

'Lauren':
'One of the most beautiful girls in the world. She is so funny and so bright. She has an amazing smile and gorgeous eyes. She is the most amazing girl you will ever meet. She is hilarious, sweet, caring, loyal, kind, loving, fun, a little crazy at times, and one of a kind. She is the only friend who would actually risk their life to save you. They are determined and a little stubborn. But they know how to one in a million. Don't ever let her go. She can never be replaced'

'Lily':
'If you don't have a Lily in your life, you should probably pray you did. Lily tends to be a little scary at times, but it's only when she's rightfully defending you. You can tell Lily anything that's on your mind, she totally won't judge. Lily will always deny compliments that are obviously true, she doesn't realize her own beauty. She loves partying with her friends, or even just kicking back and taking it easy watching some movies. She can be wild and crazy, or calm and content. Overall, Lily always does things in her own special way, and she'll always see all the good things she knows are in your personality. Beautiful, intelligent, strong and pure of heart, she lights up the room when she smiles. Lily's the best frickin' friend you could ever imagine.'

'lol':
'An abbreviation that stands for 'laugh out loud' to you, but 'lots of love' for your mom.'

'Life':
'A timed multiple choice exam - which most people end up failing. '

'Luke':
'To create a Luke: start with a base of hysterically funny. Mix in equal parts of cute, charming, sexy and intelligent. Combine with integrity, thoughtfulness and confidence until a solid foundation forms. For flavour, add a dirty mind to the hysterically funny but balance it by increasing the charm to ‘almost irresistible’ quantity. You should find the resulting mixture is well formed and appealing to the eye. Add maturity, cheekiness and something ‘indescribably unique’ to serve.Summary: A Luke is one of the most amazing and unique people you will ever meet. In many ways he is like a great recipe for a person – containing all the right elements in just the right quantities. If you meet a Luke, show him he’s special by hiding things to make him smile wherever and whenever you can – even on the internet.If you ever have the opportunity to be friends with a Luke then take it. You will be the 2nd luckiest woman in the world.'

'Luca':
'A Luca is someone who is genuinly attractive. He is one of that guys that may seem like just a normal person but as soon as you start spending time with him, you will slowly start to see his qualities, intelligence and hidden skills.If you hang with him out too often, you will start falling for him so take care of yourself, before its too late.He loves to give pleasure to the people around him and tries not to hurt the people that he loves and that love him if it is under his control.But beware, if you try to deceive him in any possible way, you should better prepare since his feelings can focus on revenge as much as they can love, if he is harmed by you.He seeks people that will accompany him on his journey through life and is happy if he finds interesting people to share experiences with.You will not regret having a Luca by your side.'

'liberal':
'If used in a non-political sense, "liberal" simply means "a lot."'

'Liam':
'An extremely handsome and highly intelligent guy. A Liam is never to be underestimated. Though at times a bit of a badass and tough around the edges, he has a soft and sweet inside. Beware though, because he is a definite lady's man. A Liam breaks many hearts without even trying. Liam's are also highly artistic and musically inclined. They can accomplish anything they set out to do.'

'Leah':
'Leah-noun. Leah is an amazing girl with a sparkling personality. She is usually super friendly and nice. She is also incredibly intelligent, and often uses long words that almost no one knows. She usually gets great grades on tests and never has to study. Leah also has a great sense of humor, which is mostly sarcasm. She is also very pretty, especially her eyes and hair, even though she doesn't think so. She is often the Peacemaker of any group she is in. Leah doesn't like invading privacy and annoying others. She is sometimes shy and anti-social. Leah does not have full confidence in herself, even though she should. When she is with her friends, she is crazy and hyper. If you insult her, she couldn't care less. If you insult her friends, her coming at you is the last thing you will see for a while.'

'Lucy':
'Lucy is someone who is beautiful inside and outside. A great friend. She never fails to make you smile and to make you feel happy. She understands you. She is always here for you. You can say, without a Lucy in your life you're nothing.'

'Logan':
'A good guy to be around. Usually shy at first but nice in general. He is smart, creative and can lack common sense sometimes. The best guy to hang around.'

'lil wayne':
'Accidentally shot himself in the chest once.'

'Lesbian':
'A woman who loves women and only women.No, we will not invite you for a threesome.No, you cannot turn us straight. I dont like dick.No, we do not all dress like men.Or in other words me.'

'leo':
'leos are special they are very nice and cute and adorable and you are most likely to have a lot of things in common with them they are always here for you at first they are shy but the more you get to know them the more you wanna be with them, usually cute and funny and skates😳. they are always overthinking but its not a bad things they care about people a lot mostly loved ones. they are always there for you and have a lot of spare time and wouldnt mind staying up calling with you. they dont like sharing their personal issues also they do hide a lot of things inside and aren’t very open so if they eventually open up to you you might consider ur self lucky. they have great personality and music taste and just know how to make you smile. most likely to ask for tittie picks. they are just cute and adorable in general and are very lucky to have one in your life, they quite dont really care about grades. they are very loving and so adorable. get yourself a leo:3'

'Laura':
'Laura is the type of person to say fuck it and do it, she loves living on the edge and creating adventurous memories. She’s a strong beautiful girl and no one quite knows what she’s been through, she is a smart, keen, determined individual, destined to make a change in the world. A Laura is an hilarious girl and has the personality of a comedian, she has much confidence but lacks patience and her moody outlet being blunt just adds to her personality. She’s a forgiving kind person willing to make people smile even if she’s having a bad day, she wants so be somebody, an individual, like no one else. She does not care whether people like her or love her, she just is herself and no one can change that. She’s a real keeper for a friend and will create the best memories with you'

'Lacrosse':
'Full of dbags that hate on baseball all the time'

'Lady Gaga':
'Lady Gaga. Singer/ Songwriter/ God/ Dancer/ Farmer who saved Earth from the evil power of Mother G.O.A.T. and Madge Stans. Born on March 28, 1986. She is know for revolutionizing pop music in 2009. Lady Gaga or "GodGa" is known for hits like 'Born This Way', 'Poker Face', 'Just Dance', 'Bad Romance', 'Paparazzi', 'Applause', 'Do What U Want', 'Perfect Illusion' etc. She is an icon to all. She has left Earth snatchedt, slayedt, and shookedt. In Gaga's name we pray. Inevntor of the German Language, Gay people, Pop, Music, Vegatables, Horses, Animals and humans.'

'Lexi':
'A female name for a girl who stands out among all. Her smile is bright, but is embarrassed because of it. Her hair is different compared to all the other girls around. She's unique; one of a kind. She's a bit of a romantic and is a roller coaster ride of fun when you get to know her! Believe it or not, she was shy at one point ;)'

'Lilly':
'Lilly is a girl who is BEYOND BEAUTIFUL!! She is so beautiful inside and out and you will never meet anyone who is as great as her. She’s so sweet,funny,fun to hang with,loving and the bestest friend you’ll ever meet. She gets all the guys but she doesn’t focus on boys and stuff like that. She has a lot of friends and she is very popular. She is really smart but mostly dumb in an good and funny way and she will never fail to make you smile. Lilly is great at sports and the most amazing girl ever. She is a type of friend who will never leave you and even if it seems like she hates you, her heart is to sweet and loving that she can’t resist to hate anyone even if they annoy her. Lilly can also be annoying but in a funny way. She sometimes can be shy at first but most of the time she is really outgoing and makes everyone laugh and they fall in love with her. She can come across rude but in the end you’ll see that she isn’t. Lilly is such a great person and nobody will hate her once they get to be her friend. She has long beautiful light hair with beautiful eyes that no one can’t resist saying she’s pretty. Lilly always gets called pretty but she doesn’t think it and is insecure about her self. But anyway as a result never loose and Lilly because she can be the only great friend you’ll ever have.'

'Levi':
'A man who chooses someone to love and sticks to them without fail. This person doesn’t always love them back, and they will try and substitute the loss with others. And yet Levi will always return to that person without fail. He will Be their best friend, someone to cry on, their biggest supporter; and yet will even let them love someone else just to see them happy. Levi will work long hours to help forget his pain about the person, and still always make time for them. No matter how you slice it, Levi is an incredibly loyal and loving person; who will do anything for those he loves.'

'lemon':
'In the world of fandom (check out fan fiction, fanfiction, fanfic(s), or fic(s)), a lemon is a story which consists of sexually explicit themes and situations.  SYNONYMS:   Limes: More romantic and cuddly than sexual, with some fooling around and kissing. PWP: Stands for “Porn Without Plot” or “Plot? What Plot?” Much more hardcore and to the point than lemons. As the name suggests, it’s all about sex, and is completely absent of any storyline or plot that would take place in a lemon or lime. You can google Harry Potter lemons (just about any popular work of fiction for teens will do) or google anime lemons.'

'Lydia':
'Lydia is an attractive maiden who is usually very funny. Her eyes are the most beautiful things, but beware of her death stare. Lydia's hair is always silky and she has a great personality. She is brave especially when others are not, strong and capable of handling herself, she can show a kindness you can't imagine and is that little bit wild. Lydia tends to have a wise, deep connection with wildlife. She is naturally good with animals and understanding people. Her senses are usually very strong as well as her instincts, if you were lost in the wild she's your girl! She always makes jokes and lightens the mood. But she is free spirited and hard to catch! Just like the wind, she blow into your life and sweep you off your feet then be gone in an instant. She's loyal and protects her friends and those around her. Lydia has a love of reading, she will spend hours reading, all day if she could. She likes magic and will always have a fun, childlike side to her. Many a time will she run the heads of passing men or boys.'

'Logan Paul':
'A disrespectful psychopatic 10 IQ white boy from Ohio that is a Youtuber and loved by 14 year old girls'

'linux':
'If Operating Systems Ran The Airlines...  UNIX Airways  Everyone brings one piece of the plane along when they come to the airport. They all go out on the runway and put the plane together piece by piece, arguing non-stop about what kind of plane they are supposed to be building. Air DOS  Everybody pushes the airplane until it glides, then they jump on and let the plane coast until it hits the ground again. Then they push again, jump on again, and so on...  Mac Airlines  All the stewards, captains, baggage handlers, and ticket agents look and act exactly the same. Every time you ask questions about details, you are gently but firmly told that you don't need to know, don't want to know, and everything will be done for you without your ever having to know, so just shut up. Windows Air  The terminal is pretty and colourful, with friendly stewards, easy baggage check and boarding, and a smooth take-off. After about 10 minutes in the air, the plane explodes with no warning whatsoever.  Windows NT Air  Just like Windows Air, but costs more, uses much bigger planes, and takes out all the other aircraft within a 40-mile radius when it explodes. Windows XP Air  You turn up at the airport,which is under contract to only allow XP Air planes. All the aircraft are identical, brightly coloured and three times as big as they need to be. The signs are huge and all point the same way. Whichever way you go, someone pops up dressed in a cloak and pointed hat insisting you follow him. Your luggage and clothes are taken off you and replaced with an XP Air suit and suitcase identical to everyone around you as this is included in the exorbitant ticket cost. The aircraft will not take off until you have signed a contract. The inflight entertainment promised turns out to be the same Mickey Mouse cartoon repeated over and over again. You have to phone your travel agent before you can have a meal or drink. You are searched regularly throughout the flight. If you go to the toilet twice or more you get charged for a new ticket. No matter what destination you booked you will always end up crash landing at Whistler in Canada. Linux Air  Disgruntled employees of all the other OS airlines decide to start their own airline. They build the planes, ticket counters, and pave the runways themselves. They charge a small fee to cover the cost of printing the ticket, but you can also download and print the ticket yourself. When you board the plane, you are given a seat, four bolts, a wrench and a copy of the seat-HOWTO.html. Once settled, the fully adjustable seat is very comfortable, the plane leaves and arrives on time without a single problem, the in-flight meal is wonderful. You try to tell customers of the other airlines about the great trip, but all they can say is, "You had to do what with the seat?"'

'lmao':
'1. Laughing my ass off 2. Let's make an omlet'

'Loser':
'Donald Trump'

'Linkin Park':
'Linkin Park is made up of six band members:Chester Bennington - VocalistMike Shinoda - Backup Vocalist/Emcee, Guitarist, KeyboardistBrad Delson - GuitaristRob Bourden - DrummerDave "Pheonix" Farrell - BassistJoe Hahn - SamplerLinkin Park has had 5 studio albums, Hybrid Theory (2000), Meteora (2002), Minutes to Midnight (2006), A Thousand Suns (2008), and LIVING THINGS (2011).Linkin Park really cannot be labeled, it is really a hybrid mix of many genres, including Alternative, Nu-Metal, Rock, Rap Rock, and Pop.Linkin Park is a growing band, who brings something new to the plate every album.'

'Lisa':
'If you're friends with a Lisa - consider yourself lucky! Lisa's are intelligent, intuitive, and a true friend. She will always check in on you at just the right moments, and has a way of putting out all of your fires with a few thoughtful phrases of advice. The kind of advice that validates your feelings while still holding you accountable for your own actions. She has high level of patience, but don't take her kindness for granted; she will put you in your place if you do!! She's beautiful on the inside and out, witty sense of humor, and an all around genuine person.'

'LIGMA':
'LIGMA is part of the BOFA spectrum of conditions. LIGMA (Loose Internal Gene Mi-Asintits) is the second stage of BOFA (Biologically Offset Farkwonian Asintits). In this stage, the disease interferes with the immune system and increases the risk of developing common infections such as tuberculosis. Given the weakened immune system, many of the patients, such as popular Fortnite streamer Ninja, die on this stage of the Biologically Offset Farkwonian Asintits (BOFA). It is also the last treatable stage. Although not effective, there are treatments to LIGMA: LIGMA-BALLS (Bi-Asonurdick Lateral Lactatioustits Sequence) that, even though it's experimental, have shown some promise. With stopping the spread of BOFA at the LIGMA stages, it can stop patients from going into the third and final phase of the BOFA sequence: E-TMA (Entrenched Terminal Mi-Asintits)'

'Lloyd Banks':
'You don't know nothin bout what pain is sucka, I'll put ya ass underground like a train conducta ! mothafucka!'

'Lana':
'Lana is just too good for words. It is normal that she'd get complimented by a million boys in a day because the boys are just telling the truth. She is the most caring, the sweetest, and an extremely loving person that people's dream is to be so close with. You would wish that you were to fall in love with her cause you would know that she would be the only one that'd treat you even better than perfect. I know for a fact that she'd understand everything and be there whenever you need her. Basically, she is that well-known, really attractive, girl that has the ability to make every boy nervous by just even being around them. It was a pleasure for me to meet Lana. If you don't know her yet, don't worry because she is easily noticed, being the prettiest girl in the crowd. I love you Lana so much, its funny because you have no idea how much <3'

'Los Angeles':
'A massive tangle of highways and roads, also rumoured to contain people and houses.'

'Landon':
'Cool, charming kid who likes to hang out with his friends. Sleeps in his underwear and makes lots of jokes. Runs away from all of the girls who crush on him. His squad always backs him up .'

'Luis':
'A Latino male with dark hair and eyes. Knows how to dress classy while still being the most honest and respectful guy. Every girl's dream boyfriend. Usually difficult to understand and emotional at times. Shy at first, but if he opens up to you he's the best lover you'll find. Generally attracted to blondes, and will always find a way to satisfy your love cravings. Awesome bro to be with and loves music. Isn't afraid to dance a beat if he feels like it, but he's modest so he doesn't try showing off. Very straight forward, and pretty oblivious to flirts. If you like him say so, he wont play tricks or cheat, so dont worry. If you let a guy like this go, you've gotta go see a mental hospital for your stupidity!'

'london':
'The capital of England, but not the only city there. No americans seem to realise that not all english people are from london, and that we don't all eat crumpets and go on the hunt.'

'Layla':
'This is a girl who is most beautiful and drop dead gorgeous, she is wanted by all men yet, unnatainable because she is so daring, free-spirited, and independent. She rarely falls in love, however when she does she is THE best. She has long black hair and is extremely skinny. She has been to the edge and back and came back without a crack. Do NOT ever get on her bad side. She is a fighter but will think of what she loves while fighting. No one will ever really know her, for she truly does not know herself. She is poetic and says everything with wisdom. Show her cruelty and receive cruelty, show her kindness and receive kindness. Compare her to a black diamond, or onyx gem. She is complex, comes from both heaven and hell, her emotions are difficult to read, and her surface is hard and flawless. She is pale skinned but capable of dark things. She would rather be the moon that shines down on you in your darkest hour than the sun that simply brightens a day. Eric Clapton wrote a song about Layla having all the guys fall to their knees for her and her walking by looking only ahead towards the future. She is always right with a sharp and intelligent mind. She is confident and sexy. She loves cold weather but also enjoys swimming in the water.'

'lit':
'When something is turned up or popping ...'

'Lad':
'In Britain (there's already loads for definations for the way Australians use this word), this word generally means a young male. However in modern Britain this word has come to mean someone who engages in typical testosterone-driven behaviour such as drinking, sport and having a laugh with mates, sometimes harmless, sometimes obnoxious or even worse antisocial. There was once the phrase "Jack-the-Lad" (a rogue), "laddie" has long been part of the Scottish dialect, and in the 90s something called "Lad-culture" arose, where the aforementioned behaviour was celebrated. Girls who behaved in a similar way were called "Laddettes". There is also the adjective "laddish".'

'Link':
'To connect with friends or people and chill.'

'Leslie':
'Leslie, ok she is one of those people who will be quiet around school/ campus. She’s quiet when you first meet her (don’t just ditch her tho) but when SHE feels comfortable enough around you, she is the funnest person to hang out with. She might not know what to say in some situations, either bc she’s intimidated, feeling insecure or just doesn’t know how to deal with it. But when she figures the shit out then she’ll give you the best advice ever periodt!'

'long island':
'mostly suburban area. bedroom communities. life centers around your car and it's functioning properly. culturally distinct from NYC and upstate in various ways. usually if someone was born and raised on long island, they say "Long Island" as opposed to "New York" when someone asks them where they are from. can be extremely boring. real real boring. big box retail and malls, like everywhere else in the united states. once you get past riverhead, it's all very very rural and sparsely populated. The Hamptons are like colonies of sorts ruled over by foreigners. not really considered part of Long Island proper by people who live there, but many people like to go there and look at things, celebrity watch, go to the beaches etc. there are many, many, many nice beaches. everywhere. did I mention cars? cars are everything. a very big part of the culture. I'm sure the population's median income mirrors much of the rest of the country. one of the largest problems Long Island is experiencing is retaining it's young people. a lot of young people can't afford to live there because of the zoning codes and limited amount of affordable housing and apartments, so they end up having to move to the city or somewhere else, or they continue to live with their parents well into their twenties and then move somewhere else.'

'like':
'1. similar to2. to be interested in, enjoy3. a meaningless word teenagers insert liberally into both colloquial and formal speech in order to maintain a steady stream of words'

'Lola':
'Lola is a person who's calm but also crazy, she's up for many challenges and loves to have fun, you should be friends with a lola, even though she can be salty sometimes she has great advice on stuff and listens well, she is usually understanding and loves food , and has many interest in sports'

'Leila':
'An amazing person and a total jokester. She is always making her friends and family laugh. She may seem shy at first, but once she knows she can trust you, her shell will come off. You'll realize she is a crazy, fun girl and you won't be able to imagine your life without her. She doesn't think she is pretty but everyone thinks she's beautiful inside and out. All her friends know they can trust her and go to her when they need some crazy in life.'

'Lewis':
'Call of duty master who gets heaps of girls and can quickscope any of his ex's with skill.Nobody escapes Lewis' quickscoping skills, no girl is safe from his wrath.. Lewis is a trained cod sniper.A total badass.'

'Libertarian':
'A philosophy held by people who fundamentally fail to grasp that human beings are social animals.Libertarianism is not to be confused with Objectivism, a philosophy espoused mostly by privileged 18-year olds who believe that a toddler's "Mine!" phase is the best time of his life and should therefore be encouraged in adults as well.'

'Lara':
'Lara is usually either a shy or extremely outgoing girl. When her sassy side is brought out, you all better run. Is very kind to everyone that she loves, but is a menace to those few people that she hates. She always tries her best, and doesn't care what others think of her. Lara loves to be weird around her true friends, and is always there to help them. She usually is extremely well blessed in the chest and butt area, but always tries to hide it.'

'Lukas':
'An extremely handsome man, very intelligent, with an impeccable personality. He's truly a very special guy and once you get to know him, he'll cease to amaze you each day with his rare brilliant heart. Incredibly handsome, sensual, talented and has a deep interest in the universe which'll inspire you to learn too. He'll change your world to make it better. He's always there to lend you strength , hope during hardship. He might not think he's worthy of the world, but truth to be told, he deserves much more, he deserves the universe. An uber funny guy, he will make you laugh with his addictive humour. He loves music and receives peace from lyrics and melodies. His love's incredible. He may not show it, but he is a super loving and passionate person. He may appear withdrawn, but you must take time to know him because he will make your life a better place. His love is heartfelt and sincere, that no amount can feel too much. He will stun you with how much he cares. He's the man you can't imagine life without. He's person you'll spend your days thinking about, wanting to speak to, care for, be there for. He's been through so much yet has a fighting spirit. You will adore, admire and love him. He should never be hurt or upset only protected. You'll want to be there for him through thick and thin no matter what.. A man like this will make you feel like you've never felt before. You'll want to be everything he desires so you can always see him happy some more.'

'Louis':
'A louis is the kind of guy every girl needs in her life. He falls in love way too easily and never fully gets over the girl he lost. Having a louis as a friend is the most amazing thing that could happen to anyone. Hes smart, shy, funny, cute, a little nerdy (in a good way), and the nicest person ive ever met. Hes kind thoughtful caring and sweet.If u get lucky enough to have a louis as a friend, dont let him go. Hes extremely easy to upset. Hes been through things you will never understand, no matter how much you try. Comfort him in times of need, and he'll do the same for you. Louis is my best friend, i will never let that change!Having a louis as a boyfriend is something ive never experienced first hand, but might experience soon. Louis ive known you for so long, and i know you like me more than most guys have, but i dont know if im ready to love again. He left me broken, but i think im falling for u, and i know youll be there to catch me.L- lovingO- over emotionalU- understandingI-inteligentS-specialLouis i love you.'

'Lil pump':
'The worst rapper on earth. He has never been seen without lean in his entire life.'

'larry':
'here he is'

'Lebron James':
'Lebron James come from the Greek words "Le", which mean "to fuck", "Bron" which mean "in the ass" and "Jai-més" which means "and run away like a little bitch because you know you didn't -- and can't -- get the job done"'

'led zeppelin':
'A rock band from the 1970s. Fanboys think that listening to Led Zeppelin makes them special by setting them apart from their peers, who mostly listen to mainstream rap and pop. However, in their day, Zeppelin were rather mainstream. '

'L':
'Catching an L means catching a loss. In this sense, you catch an L if you say something stupid or, if you try to sound intelligent but are proved wrong.'

'Lindsey':
'A Lindsey is a person who is perfect to have around she is funny, weird,drama loving and is one of the nicest people you will ever meet . If you have a Lindsey in your life don't lose her.she will do anything to protect the ones she loves.'

'lindsay lohan':
'To go from a beautiful redheaded, nicely curved teenager to an annorexic, nose powdering Paris Hilton knockoff.'

'Lee':
'a man that is hard-working, dedicated, considerate, outgoing, loving and attractive. He is often the leader of the group. However, he is never bossy. He always listens to the concerns of his followers. He works hard to get where he wants to be even if at times it may seem like where he wants to be in no where in sight. He still sticks with his dreams and goal. When he loves someone he truly loves them. He would do anything for the people he loves. He is the hottest guy in the room and everyone notices. He really is considered a great guy.'

'Lazarbeam':
'Bloody legend'

'Lena':
'A very bubbly person, and so beautiful. Caring too. She gets a lot of attention, but she doesn't even realize it, which is something amazing about her. She's sometimes in her own little world, and everyone wants to be a part of that. She's innocent and always seems happy. Cute and tiny. Pinching her lovely and adorable cheeks would result in an extremely adorable/cute shy and embarrassed smile that you've GOT to do it. She's very fun and funny. It's always a pleasure to be around her. She can handle any situation well, and knows how to plan. Has a way of talking to people. She's spontaneous and can be crazy, but in a good way! She's honest and very loyal, which people love about her. She's easy to get along with, and a smiley person. She has a great personality that everyone loves. If you're facing a problem, she'll jump at the chance to help you, without expecting anything in return. You should consider yourself very lucky if Lena loves you, because she's very unique in every possible way. Lena's man is/would be the luckiest man on earth, because she truly is a treasure. She's the whole package!'

'Lexie':
'A fun, enthralling, out-going, beautiful girl. Usually Lexie would be a pretty nickname for Alexa, Alexandra, Alexandria..etc. This type of girl has different personalities all in one. She can be girly, or athletic, a tom-boy..etc. She's always in to having fun & maybe even getting in trouble. She always has a crush on someone. You're lucky to see one who's not taken. She usually gets any guys she wants. She doesn't care what people think about her. She knows who she is. Other girls are usually very jealous of her.'

'legit':
'a shortened form of the word "legitimate". however, this term is nowhere near the real meaning of "legitimate", since it is commonly used to describe things as cool or extremely awesome.'

'Lindsay':
'The most amazing girl you will ever meet. Everything about her is perfect even though she doesn't think it. She has beautiful eyes and a great personality and a amazing person to be around. She will always put him before herself and is always there for him if he ever needs it. She's not your typical girl, she's way better than any other girl out there. She always will be there with you doing what you want even if she doesn't want to be and wants you to be happy. If you have this girl in your life you're lucky and you don't want to lose her.'

'Lame':
'Adjective used to describe someone who is boring, uncool, or just sucks in general.'

'limp bizkit':
'The actual meaning whether u like it or not--A game where a group of guys jack off in a circle, where a cracker is placed in the middle. The last guy to blow there load on the cracker, must eat it with all the sperm on it. Therefore the biscuit is limp cuz of the sperm. Also a band name led by Fred Durst.'

'loner':
'A loner is a leader who doesn't want to be followed.'

'Lance':
'A lance. They’re seen as a person who has many friends, but they may prefer to be lonely. Though, deep down they have a couple of good friends they would like to be with. A lance will never fail to upset you, and can always make you from sad to happy. Never loose a lance, because they might need you just as much as you need them. They might look down apon themself, but that’s because they fail to see the best part of themselves. They can do it, but they think they can’t. It’s up to you to show them that. They’re amazing, and if you have to leave them it will be hard. Because, a lance will never hurt you. They will love you for who you are.'

'LGBT':
'L - Let'sG - Get Down T - ToB - Business To Defeat The Huns'

'Lost':
'The name of a popular television program on the ABC channel in early 2005. Follows a group of people who survived a plane crash while flying on an Oceanic Airlines flight from Sydney, Australia to Los Angeles. They try to survive on the island and encounter lots of odd things, including an invisible monster that may be able to communicate with the survivors, polar bears, a crazy woman who was part of a resarch team that was slaughtered on the island, a mysterious "black rock", strange voices, and more. The survivors also have to deal with problems faced within their camp, including the well-being of a woman who is pregnant, the hidden motives of a man named John Locke, and the communication barrer that exists between the survivors and a Korean couple who can't speak English. The show currently airs Wednesday at 9:00 EST on the ABC network.'

'Larry Stylinson':
'All you need to know is that Larry is real. Louis' got the dagger. Green to my mother fucking blue. All the fucking love because Harry is always in Louis' fucking big arse heart.'

'Lacey':
'Lacey: An extremely happy, gorgeous, confident, sensitive, intelligent, respectful, artistic, balanced, powerful woman. Lacey is a true and wonderful friend, girlfriend, wife and lover. She loves with her entire heart and does not settle for anything less than she deserves. She has incredible style and loves to dance, sing and create from her soul. She is a free spirit with an open mind who loves to be in nature as well as have an incredible night out in the city. She is down to earth and an all around fun gal who loves to smile laugh and enjoy life to its fullest in all she does. She is unlike anyone you will ever meet, she is the most amazing girl ever.'

'linda':
'linda is an amazing friend, she never studies for tests but somehow gets 100. if you find a Linda never let her go ( and give her food)'

'Libby':
'She’s a kind girl but can be very hyper 99.9% of the time. She has deep emotions and cares a lot about people. Libby never likes crying in front of people especially boys and cares about her family and friends. Libby is a independent woman who will stand up for what’s right and let nothing stop her. Libby hates being hurt and can be very bitchy toward others when she wants to be. Libby loves her food and can connect to music/songs well due to emotions. Libby is funny and warm hearted but never break her heart. She loves her best friends and is happy to have them around. Libby loves animals and can become very attached to them. We all have a place for a Libby somewhere in our hearts and everyone will miss Libby when she leaves our life’s.'

'LSD':
'D-Lysergic Acid Diethylamide Synthetic chemical which, when taken orally or, less commonly, in the lining of an eyelid or nostril, is the most potent hallucinogen known to the common public. One of the cheapest drugs available, it is neither addictive nor physically dangerous. Taken by an intelligent, open-minded person, it can create fantastic revelations and experiences. It is not a good party drug, and, in a hostile environment such as a party, it can lead to what is known as a 'bad trip', where the person under the influence of the substance in question has an experience which is totally frightening. Fear, depression and anger are accentuated to fill the entire body to a point where entire thought patterns are controlled by these emotions. The same accentuation goes for happiness and relaxation, often leading to a state of artificial nirvana, the only difference being that the person is absolutely suggestible and can lose the ability to reason.'

'lawl':
'This is what "lol" sounds like irl. Say it with me, Laaaaaawwwwwlllll. Good job.Lawl'

'lorenzo':
'A Lorenzo is a very sweet guy. They will end up being your best friend. and you may even end up liking him. They have a awesome personality. He's the type of guy you cant get out of you head.'

'Laila':
'Laila is kind,funny and sweet and is VERY athletic.She has the bestest of friends that no-one else could ever wish for and she is very talented,intelligent and good at most things.You would be very lucky to have a laila in your life. When a room is dark laila can be the one who fixes that because of her gorgeous smile. She loves her family very much like no-one else could ever do. Laila is one of a kind and unique. Everyone would be lucky to have a laila if not you might want to find one to make your day. Laila does not put up with fake people and fake friends because she knows they are a waste of time and space. You have to love a laila!!'

'LAX':
'Relaxed, easy-going, non-enforcing'

'Luigi':
'The better yet always ignored of the Mario brothers. He's obviously better, I mean, come on, his brother had to be saved by "scaredy-cat" and the supposedly weak Luigi!'

'Lego':
'An extremely powerful, not exploding landmine, that has not been used in the military because it is considered inhuman. They are also household toys, and have ruined many peoples' days'.'

'Liv':
'Type of girl that's shy around new people but can be the happiest person around her friends. She cam be a beautiful and talented girl but will not admit it and only other people will see her for who she is even when she says she's not. A girl that been through many tragedies and can be broken inside because of it. She could be crying her heart out but will hide it around people and make everyone think she's happy. She tends to have many acquaintances but will only call few her friends. She doesn't really fit in around most people and be considered "weird" but only the true people will see her as amazing.'

'lämp':
'The thing that attracts every moth in the world. The word lämp just makes moths wanna ejaculate and not evacuate. They wanna build a family with lämp. Lämps can be found in your house on your bedside table or in your ex neighbors basement. Lämps are pretty cool'

'louis tomlinson':
'the center of our very own solar system aka. the sun'

'Lesbian Sex':
'You know why you searched this.'

'Las vegas':
'Why does everyone hate Las Vegas? Have you ever even been there? The hotels are nothing short of amazing, roman palaces, Egyptian pyrmaids, Parisian Castles, transformed into Modern Hotels. The Club scene is off the wall, and the hotel pools are the best. Sure, there are ghetto parts of the city of sin but what city doesn't have that? Don't write a definition if you've never been there.'

'Lizzie':
'Beautiful, Modest, Intelligent, Kind-Hearted.The best best friend anyone could have, so pretty and always there for you when you need her most, a loyal friend. And the most beautiful person i know inside and out. When Lizzie is in the room you forget about everyone else and just want to be with her.Once you meet a Lizzie you will never want to let her out of your life you will love her forever.'

'loan shark':
'A creditor.  A person or agency that gives you a set amount of money and adds interest to that money so that you end up paying back more than you borrow. A perfect example is the college/student loan agencies.'

'Legs':
'Basically means hoes'

'Lachlan':
'1) A river in NSW, Australia.2) Lachlan is also a boys name. He is amazing, relatively smart, has an amazing sense of humour and uses it to make others laugh, even if he gets in trouble because of it. He isn't afraid to speak his mind and be outspoken. May not be popular, but doesn't have to be. Is so nice and kind. Easy to love <3'

'legend':
'totally worth of respect for any reason'

'Latina':
'Some of the most beautiful and sexy women on earth. Latinas are of Latin descent. They vary from petite, curvy, tall, short, dark, light, tan, dark hair, brown hair, and blonde. They are extremely sexy and funny and some of the best dancers. Get yourself a Latina for sure.'

'Luna':
'Luna is a very sweet, kind, smart and shy girl. She is a good friend who is always there for you. Luna is quiet and calm most of the time, but if she gets to know you well, she can act totally crazy around you. Also, Luna is not afraid to say what she believes, and will always stand up for her opinions. A Luna will often be tall and beautiful, with dark hair. The name Luna originates from the Spanish or Italian word for "moon".'

'Locals':
'People who live in your city that have no personality, bland, and like anything that’s mainstream. They think they’re quirky for whatever they do, but in reality are blended in with other locals. They judge anything that is underrated and are just basic in general. They’re the type to overuse emojis unironically, post fried memes/selfies of themselves, have cringey Instagram bios like “12, bad bitch 💕😂, better than u 😘” or whatever the hell. They have no sense of humor and don’t know what memes are.'

'lurker':
'A lurker is someone that follows the forum but doesn’t post.  '

'Lia':
'Lia is the sweetest human in this universe without question. She maybe quirky at times, but she is beautiful inside and out. Although she is not a bikini model with an hourglass figure, but her smile could light up a room. Any man would be incredibly lucky to have a Lia.'

'Lina':
'Lina is crazy. She knows it and so does everyone else. She suffers with it, but everyone else falls in love with it. She's a pretty girl, but likes nerdy things and her best friend is a guy. She doesn't fall in love easily but when she does she falls hard. It's hard to reject a girl like her and if you do you've lost the best chance in your life. it's hard to gain her trust, so if you do, dont break it because she will kill you. shes a badass with strong mental and physical. Usually a smart girl that loves bagels and has killer eyes. if you have a Lina in your life, let her know you love her because she doesnt think anyone does.'

'Lush':
'Either sex can be a lush. It's someone who drinks a lot and enjoys drinking a lot---not necessarily an alcoholic, but someone whose drinking is noticeable. It can be used teasingly or as an insult, but even if someone teases you (or whoever), there's probably some truth in it, and it probably means you're overdoing the alcohol.'

'Lebron':
'unexpectedly leaving somewhere or just to leave.'

'lick':
'any instance when you come upon easy money, whether you jack it, hustle it, or barter for it'

'lumber jack':
'A gentleman who earns his living by felling trees. We all owe him a debt of gratitude for providing the material for our homes and furniture. This gentleman is soundly hated by the environmentalist who lives in a timber house.'

'LMFAO':
'Laughing my fucking ass off'

'lust':
'the feeling you get when you see someone and all you want to do is fuck the shit out of them.'

'Lenny':
'( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)'

'Label':
'Something you put on jars. Not on people'

'Lag':
'Something that gamers type after inserting a butt plug into their anus. This is often done after dying, to better utilize their free time.They might also say "Lagging" to indicate that they currently have a butt plug inserted.'

'Lea':
'A girl who attracts guys with her charm, her quirky personality and mysterious secrets that keeps them on their toes. She's always one step ahead when it comes to boys, she knows how to spot the good and the bad ones. A massive manipulator to make the fuckboys lose their own game, and knows how to keep her feelings seperate.But when it comes to relationships, (which is rare considering a 'lea' is very independant and picky when it comes to picking the right one) she will devote all her time, attention to him, as well as a loyal heart.She is amazing at giving confindence and teaching others to love themselves. But be cautious, if you fall on her bad side, it might just be the death of you. A lea knows everyone's secrets and weaknesses, and will be able to turn it against you.She loves to play mind games with people.'

'Lizzy':
'Lizzy,a beautiful person she always is saying she’s fat,ugly,and unattractive but on the inside and outside she is the most Beautiful,caring,loving, and funniest person you’ll ever meet there are no words to describe how beautiful she is,she makes the funniest jokes. She could make a joke out of litterally thin air. She always helps people whenever someone is in need she’s always there to help. Never thinks about herself because she always thinks about how it would be to be in their shoes. She will indeed be fucked over many, many times but she always moves past it an doesn’t let it bother her.So my point is, find a Lizzy and when you do never Ever! Let her go <3'

'Lowkey':
'The dictionary recognized word “low-key” is an adjective that means, according to Merriam Webster:1: quiet and relaxed: not very forceful, emotional or noticeable2: of low intensity: restrainedThe slang variant of low-key (often written without the hyphen as lowkey) functions as an adverb. Lowkey is typically used to describe a speaker's desires or emotions. Lowkey retains the dictionary definition’s meaning of “of low intensity” and “not very emotional.” However, additionally, it can also indicate something that is secretly (perhaps somewhat shamefully) wanted or felt by the speaker.In short, lowkey is used to describe a speaker's thoughts, feelings, and desires, and it means:1: moderately: of low emotional intensity2: secretlyThe opposite of lowkey is highkey.'

'Lucia':
'A perfect girl, lovely, beutiful, and jaw dropping. This girl is the ultimate guys dream. This girl is the best thing that you will ever see. She has a nice ass, tan, and sweet.'

'Leon':
'A friend who is trustworthy and just plain fun. They can make your day just by talking to you because every moment when you're with Leon you'll smile. Sometimes Leon could be bipolar and a little insulting. Most Leon's are artistic and have a great imagination. They can inspire you to be a better person. Having a Leon as a best friend is quite a wonderful gift.'

'Louise':
'A beautiful woman with a passionate heart. Longs to be seen and understood. Loves like no other with a pure heart. Thinks like a Brohoe, can easily be around guys. Not afraid to speak her mind when she knows what's right. Faced trials that made her a woman of beauty, love, strength, humble, courage and a woman of faith. A woman behind a blooming flower, the most beautiful flower hidden in midst of a dark forest. A delicate flower that is worth keeping forever.'

'Lillian':
'The most beautiful and amazing girl ever. Lillian has a wonderful smile that can make anyone day a bit better and she is an amazing friend! She also has a good head on her sholders. She is smart, beautiful, wonderful to be around, caring, and has the most beautiful eyes and smile anyone has ever seen. She also finds amazing songs that you can listen to for hours and she always says things at the right time.'

'LimeWire':
'a free program that you can use to download files and to upgrade to the pro version'

'Lazy':
'Can't be bothered to get up and move 10 steps. Always asks other to do things for him.'

'Liliana':
'A girl that is capable of anything she will do anything for the ones she loves. Don't underestimate her u will regret it later. Just remember this girl has been through everything. It may not seem like it but she has and all of it has changed her. Don't make her angry or else your going to regret that too.'

'Loki':
'The most popular supervillain in the Marvel movies at the moment.A sexy mofo with a tragic backstory, Loki was (at least in the Marvel cinematic universe, I do not vouch for comics) left to die by his birth father Laufey, the king of the Frost Giants of Jotunheim, because he was the runt. Odin took him in both out of compassion and because he thought adopting a Frost Giant would be useful to him in improving relations between their two kinds. Loki grew up being treated like something of an outcast by his adopted dad, who never told Loki that he was adopted and always favored Loki's brother Thor. This made Loki extremely jealous and desperate for his father's approval, which led to his becoming a villain. That and the fact he's the God of mischief and lies... so with that as your official job title, you probably aren't going to be the world's (realm's?) nicest person.So me and other obsessive fangirls like myself are in love with him because he's beautiful and tragic and possibly even a good person under all that. And he's played by Tom Hiddleston who is God in a human form. You can't top that.Loki is more popular than Thor because Thor is an arrogant-ish little goody two shoes and Loki is a MAN with fabulous dark hair and a sexy smile. He's also a bad boy, which makes him twice as hot. And British... so three times as hot.'

'lop':
'1. A big brain way of saying lol2. A more vague and widely applicable way to say lol, similar to saying a lowercase xd instead of XDIt remains a great mystery what lop stands for.'

'Lois':
'Lois is a beautiful girl who deserves a lot , she is caring , loving , creative and had the best personality, she loves cuddles and is as sweet as candy , she is the most beautiful person ever and if you ever meet a Lois NEVER LET GO OF THEM'

'Lila':
'Lila is the girl who turns heads in the hallway, but doesn't realize it. She is so much more beautiful than she thinks she is, and tends to disagree with people when they tell her she looks pretty. She's the girl with the dark brown hair and a tan that every girl envies. She's the girl who jumps off the cliff into the water without a second thought. She is daring and bold. She has a lot of friends but her inner circle tends to be about 5-6 people. She will love you unconditionally, but don't take her for granted. She can make your life a living hell if she wants to. She is absolutely hilarious, sarcastic, and sassy. She has that smile that can light up a whole room. She is loyal beyond compare and you will never find anyone more dedicated than her. She gives the best gifts, and always brings things for her friends, even if there is no special occasion. She loves the holidays, but tends to be shy at parties that include family. She has been through a lot. She knows what it's like to be crying on the bathroom floor at 2am and she tries her best to make sure nobody has to go through that like she did. She just wants to be happy and for other people to be happy too. She loves the color black, I guess it's the appearance of it like a void or mysterious beauty. She is very wise. She can make anyone smile no matter what. She always wants to help people. She loves mysteries and the thrill of solving things. (Based off of my best friend, Lila)'

'Leilani':
'Leilani is one the most sweetest, beautiful, caring, and loyal person you’d meet. She is a great person, she will be there for you 24/7 she would never try to hurt you at all. Shes extremely honest and can cheer anyone up, fun person to be with, and just amazing in general. She’s most likely to be hawaiian which is pretty cool! You don’t ever want to get on her bad side, she will kick your ass. If your ever lucky to be her boyfriend, best friend, friend, etc. your one lucky person. don’t try to lose her your regret it, and she never do anything to try to break your heart.'

'Liar':
'1- a person who doesn't tell you the truth 2- a backstabbing friend'

'Load':
'A huge overdue amount of cum that weighs down your balls and makes them ache blue'

'lonely':
'A feeling that is indescribable to those who have not felt it, and needs no description to those who have.  That desolate feeling of being left out, left behind, and being all alone forever.  This not only applies to girlfriends(though they bring the strongest effect) but also major life changes - graduation, deaths, etc...  It is that hole that appears in your heart, which cannot be filled by your efforts alone.  In such a case, crying occurs and is often encouraged as it heals the soul.'

'leech':
'1.One who constantly takes from others without giving anything in return. 2.One who constantly copies things from others, such as style, phrases, expressions, and actions.'

'Lala':
'Lala is the definition of a “ride or die bitch” Someone you go to war with NEVER against. She tells it like it is and it’s usually what you need to hear. A lover of animals and hosting a crowd. You’ll never find another... this girl down 💜'

'Liana':
'Liana is one of the most beautiful people in the whole worldIf you are lucky enough to be her friend than treat her like she deservesWithout her you will fall apart Liana always brings a smile to everyones faces and can make anyone laughOften Liana(s) can be known as the way to happy person, but in realityeveryone loves her because of her positive attitudeNever tell a Liana she is to happy, because that can make her feel extremely self consciousand can lead to her being not so happyLiana easily makes every day worthwhile A Liana is very attractive and has beautiful eyesShe is a soulmate for life and will never chose a boy over her friends (most of the time)Lots of girls are jealous of Liana because she has the power to never judge anyoneand always is niceSomeone called Liana is actually the best friend you can have'

'Lil Fizz':
'He Is Charming,Handsome,Funny,Loveable,Smart,Sweet,Personal Feelings,and have the sexiest looks.'

'Let's just be friend's':
'A comment mainly said by women but can also be used by men. Meaning the person you are wanting to be in a relationship with is not ready and or doesn't like you in that way. Such as;You: I like you, please will you be my insert partnerThem: oh sorry I think we should just be friend'sSometimes it can be ment in a mean way so people often misunderstand the use of this phrase. But it will mostly be used as a way for a person to be let down without trying to hurt their feelings. Because if it's sincere then a person likes you but maybe not in the way you interpreted it. So what it means;'

'l.i.e.':
'long island expressway people fuck on the sevice roads nigga!'

'Loose':
'1. Opposite of tight. Baggy, roomy fitting. 2. Derogatory discription of a woman who has had many sexual partners. 2. Also common mis-spelling of lose.'

'lannan':
'n. A big dumb idiot that consistently passes out on the toilet while taking a shit. You may find one on most every weekend, and some Thursday nights. '

'LOLZ':
'Everybody else here is entirely incorrect, and it's unbelievable to what a degree. "LOL" is the signular form, and "LOLZ" is simply the plural. Meaning "lol's" or more than one "lol". Adding a lowercase "z" at the end (Proper form, LOLz, or LoLz to switch between capitals and lowercase as is commonly done by a number of prepubescent horny teens, namely girls) does not necessarily add another word to the acronym. Just like if I were to write to you about "STDs", I would not be talking about Sexually Transmitted Disease Succotash, but rather multiple Sexually Transmitted Diseases.'

'lo lo':
'a west coast kind of thing it's a low rider car '

'lil jon':
'x     The Phonetics of Lil' Jon         Yeahhh (Ye-ayah)  Whaaat (Hu-at-uh)        Okaayy (Oh-khaye)    X    Etymology of Lil' Jon        A Chalet         Shiny Teeth        Club Energy'

'Loyal':
'One who doesn't : cheat, lie, talk to people there not supposed to,go behind your back or pick someone else before you'

'loaf':
'Someone who knowingly takes too long to do something.'

'Lane':
'Named after Lane Frost the bull rider. This tall,down right sexy big grined blue eyed Lane is a BIG Country boy. Mudding, Fishing, Camping, Working on his truck and hanging with his buddies.Lane is Sweet, Caring, Outgoing,so much fun to be around and Hard Worker. We are having a bad day a Lane can put a smile on your face.But watch out!! Lane can be a BIG TIME Smart Ass. Bull Headed, Opinionated and Hard to please. He is strong and loves to work out. Keeps his feelings in, but shows the girl he loves all the love possible.Lane is a flirt but a gentleman. Romantic and soft hearted. Easily angered. Protective of those he loves.If you have a Lane..DON'T LET HIM GO!Lane is a keeper. Soul-Mate. Someones lover. Sweet talker and smile.'

'linsanity':
'The rage over the Knicks' starting point guard Jeremy Lin who spontaneously stunned the world with his amazing underdog story. He's become an icon for people everywhere, and is drawing widespread attention over the racial boundaries surrounding him and his astounding playing skill. Is one of the more popular "lin-" terms created by the media. Others include "lincredible" or "linning".'

'Liberty':
'Liberty is a very strong girl she has been through a lot in life and is very overprotective of her siblings sometimes over thinks thing but overall is just annoying amazing person her personality is out of this world crazy she is a bitch and will beat the fuck out of people if she has a problem she will confront you and she really easy to love her love life is like a roller coaster but she is amazing happy person find you a liberty and never let her go she gets very annoyed when people make jokes about her name she very true lovesble person'

'lil tay':
'A bratty ads bitch who flexes on everyone with her parents stuff and thinks she's hot shit'

'Michael':
'Michael is a sweet guy. He is pretty attractive. He can always make you laugh. He seems brave, but he is very sensitive. He believes he is never good enough, even tho he is. He is a huge flirt, and cocky to some girls. Loves to have fun and live life. Hates to see loved one feel down and will try anything to help. he is very smart but doesn't show it.'

'MTV':
'A TV station that is called Music Television, yet never plays any music.'

'Max':
'Max is definitely the most unique and incredible person in this world. He has the biggest heart and no one can deny his extraordinary and hilarious personality. He has a way with making people feel so special. He's truly beautiful inside and out but not in a cocky way at all. Granted, he makes a lot of mistakes, mistakes that could be completely avoided, but he handles them with such grace and learns from them quickly. His strength shines through everyday and its extremely hard to block him out of your life once he's in it. Max is just Max. You have to love him, or hate him.'

'milf':
'1. Mom I'd Like to Fuck, or Mature I'd Like to FuckA MILF is any woman with children who has men that want to have sexual intercourse with her. The term is also sometimes used to describe women above a certain aged (30 or 40+) who are not mothers themselves, but are deemed to be sexually attractive, and also have men that would like to partake in sexual intercourse with them.  2. MILF also stands for the "Moro Islamic Liberation Front", who are based in the Southern Phillipines and were created in 1978. Their primary goals are to establish an independant homeland, governed under Sharia law, for the Moro peoples.  It should be noted that I did not even know of the existance of the "Moro Islamic Liberation Front" before today, and that in everyday conversation MILF is far more likely tomean the first definition and not the latter. '

'myspace':
'It's the ultimate game of testing your ego.  It becomes a competition of seeing who has the most friends, so you add everyone you've made eye contact with in the past 6 years, constantly posting bulletins telling people to comment on your NEW PICZ PLZ or die.  Also a way for every garage band ever to make a Myspace Music profile without even have talent and/or experience as other bands have.  Also a new place for every hott girl in the world to prove how slutty they are by making a Myspace and putting pictures of themselve's where they only have 1/5 of their clothes on with the quote under it "I used photoshop to cover my boobs, So What."'

'M.I.A':
'Originally M.I.A was used in war's when a soldier was "missing in action". However, nowadays it can also be used to say "I was away for a while"There is also a song named M.I.A by Why Don't we Which is also a TOTAL bop...'

'McDonalds':
'A place where people eat alot, get fat, and then sue to get money.'

'Maria':
'An outgoing, friendly personLoves making connections with peopleMay seem a bit shy at first, but once she warms up to you she can be very fun to hang out withHonestLoyalShe's bit savage sometimes, but she could never hurt anyone unless she has toCares for others more than herselfStrongStubborn, in a good/bad way. Get on her bad side, and you're done for. Be on her good side, and you'll have the bestest friendKnows what she believes and won't trade her beliefs for anythingSmart, and loves to think deep and outside of the boxAthleticBeautiful, although she might not always think thatDoesn't want to burden othersMay have the weight of the world on her shoulders, but she will never force her problems onto you. Instead she'll insist on helping you with yoursThinks it's best if she doesn't burden anyone with her problems, because they have theirs, and it's her job to fix hersBut if you ever think that a Maria in your life is going through something, be persistent, and ask her whats wrong... but be warned, it could be a whole lot of things you'd never expectWeird, and quirky personStay on her good side, and never, ever betray her. Give her attention, and she will flourish even more. She is someone you can trust'

'Madison':
'Madisons are very nice people, some may be depressed. Most Madisons are shy and don't like people very much, but usually have about 2 close friends. They think they are not beautiful, but they are! Madisons are very artistic and love to joke around with their friends. They also love hoodies... who doesn't love hoodies?! They are loyal and will love you forever. They are also afriad of being forever alone. I'm a Madison by the way. ;) Hi other me's!'

'My Chemical Romance':
'holy shit they're back'

'Megan':
'Megan. Not Meghan. Or Meagan.She hates when people spell her name wrong.Megan means "Pearl" or "Child of Light"A Megan is a good friend to all who take the time to get to know her. She is very creative. A Megan is never shy, and loves doing things with her friends and family.Most Megans also have a dark side and many secrets. She will give really good advice because she's been through alot. Once a Megan trusts you, do NOT betray that trust because she isn't going to wait for karma to get you, she'll just get you herself...She isn't scared of anybody and the only thing she truly fears is losing somebody she loves.Most Megans are born during the winter or spring.Megans can be really stubborn at times, and know how to get what they want.Usually, Megans are beautiful inside and out, but they don't know it or can't see it. They tend to look down on themselves Alot. It's not a good quality but at least most Megans are not stuck up.In a relationship, a Megan will do whatever it takes to keep her mate happy and take care of them. She prefers a long term relationship over short term and doesn't like to waste her time. Megans are INCREDIBLE lovers.If you are lucky enough to know a Megan, hold on to her. She is very special and deserves the best. Treat her right.'

'Mason':
'Mason is the best guy you can ever find. He never fails to make you feel special....very caring, he can make u smile in your saddest times. If he says he cares, he does. He doesn't like being questioned again and again or too much....if u ever get chance to be with a mason....he will love you so much that u will start loving yourself.....if u ever get a chance to be with a Mason, dont let him go :PI LOVE YOU MACE <3'

'Metrosexual':
'A male who looks like he's gay, but bangs chicks, not dicks.'

'Memes':
'The cure of depression'

'Muslim':
'A Muslim is an adherent of Islam, a monotheistic, Abrahamic religion based on the Quran, which Muslims consider the verbatim word of God as revealed to prophet Muhammad. "Muslim" is the Arabic term for "one who submits to God".Muslims believe that God is one and incomparable. Muslims also believe that Islam is the complete and universal version of a primordial faith that was revealed at many times and places before, including through the prophets Abraham, Moses and Jesus.'

'Morgan':
'A person who is beautiful, but they never believe it themselves. They are caring and always there for their friends, and always trying to solve everyone else's problems. They can be lazy, but love being involved. They are often depressed when teased, left alone, if they feel used, ignored by the people they love, or left alone. They tend to be energetic and love being outside, and are very intelligent. They love to read, draw, or anything creative. When they are put in a situation where they meet new people or are doing something new they can be shy and quiet until they know someone or what they are doing. If they are with their friends than they can be loud and obnoxious. They are musically inclined and they love to Sing. They can act like parents to everyone, especially those they love. They get hurt easily and need lots of attention from their love. They love being around animals and have a special touch with them. They are trustworthy and person you can turn to for advice or just for an ear. they can be violent and don't forget anything that happens, but have a hard time holding grudges.tend to be really spiritual,don't like to talk about their feelings, but love to tell stories about past adventures.they're always smiling,if quiet than something is wrong.often will mess with their hair color and style, love messing with colors,outfits and shopping.they love learning new things,especially different languages.They aren't great spellers though,and don't like lying'

'Minecraft':
'An very authentic reason why someone should leave your room.'

'Middle school':
'An infamous poison that is known to mortally wound the innocence of any elementary schooler exposed to it over a period of 2-4 years. It became tragically popular throughout the western world during the 20th century, and now many of its victims can be observed, while others lie in the grave after their middle-school induced suicide.Ingredients in this heinous concoction include: hormones, stress, tests, social awkwardness, bullies, questionably edible food, questionably sane practices, and distant teachers.To prepare a dose of middle school, mix these ingredients to 300 degrees Fahrenheit in your local district until it takes the form of a large, dull-brick building.'

'matt':
'A guy who keeps blowing smoke up his own arse on Urban Dictionary.'

'Meh':
'Indifference; to be used when one simply does not care.'

'Matthew':
'Matthew is a name from the bible. Matthew is smart, funny and just the most amazing to be around. Although shy in big groups he has a large personality. Matthew doesn't encourage a fight but stand up for himself and the ones he loves, he would put himself in harms way before his loved one. When in a relationship, Matthew isn't the first one to express his feelings, unless he has to. He will always care but have a hard time showing it. Matthew is quite protective of his girlfriend and will show so if needed, even if with a small threat. It may take a lot to get him angry but when his is he means it.'

'Math':
'Math is like an STD, it starts out as just a pain, but then it festers into this horrible disease which you can't even understand let alone do anything about.'

'Music':
'Something the world would be lost without.'

'Molly':
'Noun: A friend. Molly is highly intelligent academically and will always beat you in tests. She’s committed, a hard worker, compassionate, independent, dedicated, a great listener, funny, fashionable and above all picturesque. Molly is athletic with model body who loves the outdoors and will care and love you if you give her the chance. Molly is one who you can turn to in your time of need, as she is a devoted friend. She offers the best advice and makes sure others are happy before she is. Molly does not pass judgment unless it is due. Molly has a great taste for music. Someone who you can speak to on the phone for hours on end and the conversation never dulls. Molly does wonders in the kitchen. She is a perfectionist, who sometimes gets caught up in one person or task for a long time. Molly has a beautiful smile. Molly is the kind of girl you don’t want to let go of. You don’t want to break Molly’s heart because her trust never deserves to be broken. She claims she has blue eyes but many would say hazel with gold in the middle. During summer her hair is a golden colour turning darker into winter and her smile will brighten any persons day or melt any man's heart. Many things can be said about her but her true potential is truly limitless. Molly is unique and not easily defined.'

'Melissa':
'Melissa is a loyal friend who is someone you can talk to about anything. Melissa also likes to keep her emotions to herself because she doesn't want others to worry about her . She will care for you through thick and thin so don't hurt her. Melissa is also a loyal girlfriend . She loves adventures and people being themselves. She can care for people really quickly but she gets hurt if they just push her away . You will be lucky to have a Melissa.'

'marijuana':
'God's gift to mankind'

'Mormon':
'someone who likes sherbet in Sprite'

'Maya':
'Maya is one hell of a person. She might seem quite at first, but once you get to know her, she is loud and funny. She loves family and friends. A Maya can be annoying at times if she's in that mood. She's really really smart, whenever she ain't lazy. You might see Maya outside, with her friends, online, or playing the game. Unlike other girls, she is different and will stand out compare to most people. Mainly because of her beauty and voice. And be careful, she has an evil side..... Maya's have a weird taste in music, a good sense in swag, and true friends. She isn't interested in every guy she sees, but when she is, she won't stop thinking of him. Can be insecure at times. In the end, she is fun-loving, laid back and a cool girl.'

'Maddie':
'First of all. Words can't even describe Maddie. Maddie is the most amazing girl you will meet. Everything about her is perfect. She has the cutest eyes, the best laugh, and the cutest face. She is very loveable and you will most likely fall in love with her at some point in your life. Being friends with her is the best thing that's ever happened to me and i hope i never lose her. I love you so much Maddie, I hope you like it.'

'Mike':
'Mike is a person who is caring, loving, protective, kind, stubborn, hardheaded, a good listener, and hilarious. He can make you laugh and want to smack him all at once. He is good in bed, and tends to be on the wild side most days. He is an amazing best friend who would put up with even a crazy person if he considered her a friend. He is someone who will be with you through the good the bad and the bleh. He is and always will be that one person you can turn to when you have a problem.'

'money':
'The root of all evil.'

'metalhead':
'Somebody who loves heavy metal. Don't always have the "look". And it's not even necessary to listen to just the classic metal bands, you can listen to the subgenres. You just have to appreciate the genre as a whole.'

'Mary':
'When you first meet her she seems innocent but she really isn't! She is crazy (In a good way), sweet, funny, kind, and caring. She is usually shy when you first meet her but once you get to know her you will get to witness her craziness! She is an amazing, loyal friend who will never let you down.'

'Miley Cyrus':
'OH GOD'

'Maggie':
'She is a girl who is hard to get and doesn't fall in love easily. A non-complicated girl who any guy would be lucky to have. She’s a strong, independent girl who is loving and caring towards others. She is always laughing and smiling. Sometimes her insecurities get to her, but she is one unique beauty who doesn't give up on anything quickly. At times, she is confusing, but things will clear up fast and easy. Her beauty draws you like a magnet. A shy girl at first, but once you get to know her she is crazy and fun. You can never be sure that you know everything about her. She’s very understanding and considerate of others feelings. She always gives out great advice and is one amazing person who can always make you smile and laugh. She’s mostly unpredictable and probably one of the best friends you will ever have.'

'man':
'not a woman'

'Mackenzie':
'A beautiful girl who has overcome much in her life and is wise beyond her years. She is very calm in difficult situations, similar to Dumbledore. She is a great friend because she always knows what to say, will comfort you, cry with you, laugh with you, and play with you. She has eyes like no other and a smile that will light up the room. She is funny, crazy, and witty, social, very athletic and talented. She is someone you will want to keep around and love for a very long time.'

'Mom':
'A woman that does a lot for her family, works everyday with a monthly day off (sometimes), takes care of her children, even takes care of her husband. She will do anything for her family, she will even word 2 maybe 3 or more jobs if she has to. She even usually buys you things that you want even if you don’t deserve or need them. Her love is unconditional even when she is mad at you she still loves you and you should never forget that. Never take your mother for granted because one day she’s gonna be gone and your never going to know when. It could be tomorrow, in a couple of days, in a couple of weeks, years, it could even be today. The point is your mother loves you and you should love and appreciate her to because she could be gone any day. She might already be gonna and I am sorry if that is the case but just know she is still with you in your heart and memories and she is watching you from heaven and she still loves you even if she is or isn’t here. So please if your reading this it will only take a couple of minutes to stop what your doing and go tell your mom that you love her, text her, or call her and tell her.'

'Mark':
'the most sexy, erotic, flirtatious, hot stuff, bootylicious 4 letter word you'll ever see. If you spell it backwards, you get kram which according to urban dictionary means smoking weed/ganja/herb; how cool is that! I know you're impressed. If you take the mark out of supermarket, all you're left with is superet and that's pretty stupid cause why would you go out to the superet, it makes no sense. Mark means warlike, especially in bed if ya know what i mean. Its definitely the coolest word/name ever cause if you spell it frontwards and backwards, its different!!! '

'Me':
'someone who looks themselves up on Urban Dictionary'

'moobs':
'a fat mans boobs'

'Manwhore':
'Someone who sticks his train in any hole'

'Marcos':
'A Marcos is a very tall handsome guy, relatively mature. He will rarely fall in love, but if he chooses you he will give you all of his love and attention. Often he will look out of his friends and care for them. A Marcos is a very intelligent, caring, loving, strong, hardworking guy. He will look good when he chooses to. A Marcos does not smile often but if he smiles because of you, you mean lot to him. He does not like seeing close ones cry. Often a Marcos is half Mexican.'

'masturbate':
'When a male or a female pleasures themselves by touching their genitals as to make them feel like they have just had sex. Everyone does it...don't be embarassed. Wondering how, here you go:'

'marriage':
'the number one cause of divorce'

'Marcus':
'Marcus. Amazing boy that will steal your heart. Loving. Caring. Puts you first. A smile to die for. Will melt you with one look. Stop at nothing for your heart. Know what he wants and won't stop at nothing. Has a dark side that you have to break through. When your not with him it's hard. And every time you hear his name. You melt and tingle and your muscles tenses.'

'Metal':
'Pertaining to something that is deemed cool by listeners and followers of the metal genre. A replacement for the word "cool" by metal heads.When something isn't metal it is considered Lame.'

'Mario':
'Sonic but has actual good games.'

'Makayla':
'Makayla's are usually very quiet girls at first but once you earn their trust, get ready for a good time. They are kind, sweet and sassy all at the same time, making for an awesome combination. Makayla's aren't afraid to take risks and have fun but they have enough self respect to not post they're plans all over social media. They are cooler than the flip side of your pillow, incredibly pretty and fiercely loyal friends. If you're lucky enough to meet a Makayla, get ready for the time of your life.'

'Michael Jackson':
'A legend.'

'Marine':
'No better friend, no worse enemy.'

'Marching Band':
'Life.'

'Michelle':
'A beautiful name for a (young) beautiful girl. She is outgoing, very funny (or tries to be), and has a unique style. She is also very lovable, but can be awkward at times. She is the type of person you can easily get along with. She will be there to comfort her friends when they need it. She has a gift of discernment, meaning she knows when something is up. She has a great voice, but is shy to show it to the world. She needs more confident. Also, she can be very hyper at times. Even with her flaws, she is still perfect because the amount of flaws she has cannot compare to her flawlessness.'

'Mya':
'Mya can be your best friend or, maybe even a little more than that. Mya's are usually very kind, funny, and beautiful. If Mya is in your life, she can be your best dream, or your worst nightmare. Mya is prepared for anything, Although she always has a revenge plan up her sleeve, she can comfort you and make you feel special. Mya is the girl that all the boys will fall for. She is very sweet at all costs and can get a good laugh out of you. She has deep hatred for her looks but doesn't understand the beauty seen by all her surroundings. If you catch a Mya, hold on to her, you may never find a girl as great as her!'

'Masturbation':
'When a man or woman touches themselves on their fun parts to create an amazing sensation similar to sex.'

'Metallica':
'An American heavy metal band whose "Nothing else matters" is banned along with "Stairway to Heaven" in most guitar stores.'

'Marissa':
'A beautiful person inside and out a great friend and someone you want to be around all the time she will have a beautiful smile and attract you like metal to a magnet she will be your biggest crush but will never be available and if you are lucky enough to catch a Marissa never let her go.'

'Moosh':
'MOOSH is an official key word that Olga Kay uses in her show on youtubeThe world is originated from her cat named MUSHKA.It can also be used to replace curse words or any other word in general.'

'meep':
'Meep can be used to describe any emotion. It's less of a sound and more of a vibe, so its definition will depend on the person using it. It is also a very nice word to yell if you are stressed. Common uses include:1. Manner to avoid conversation2. Manner to get attention2. Expressing emotion of alarm or angst 3. Expressing emotion of discomfort'

'mother fucker':
'My father'

'Mitchell':
'Mitchell is super fucking hot. All the girls want him, but they never say anything because they are afraid he wont think their pretty. But In reality he is super nice and honestly the sweetest. He also loves video games.'

'Muffin':
'A nickname given to a partner or loved one. Such as babe, honey, love etc...'

'Monkey':
'The best Animals in existence and the rulers of the universe'

'Maddox':
'Maddox is a person who is bubbly and nice. they would do anything to make you happy. if you have a maddox in your life you are very lucky and must cherish them with everything you’ve got! they are insecure about themselves but will find the good in everyone but themselves. A Maddox is a very special person. even though they think they’re the worst person out there they are truly amazing. Maddox’s are cute, nice, sweet. and just flat out amazing. If you have a maddox in your life, cherish them. because they will not leave no matter what'

'Martin':
'Martin is the name of a man who has built a barrier between his heart n the ppl he let's have it he is protective of who he let's in his life , he is always putting ppl before him , he is strong,handsome, and intelligent he is perfect he may have flaws but he shows thm proudly he is also has low self a steem but he never let's tht keep him down martin is the name of a man who is determined to change the world for the best .'

'Mariah':
'Mariah is a very intelligent, loving, caring, passionate,at times an introvert, and at other times very outgoing. Mariah is very creative, whether it be in drawing, writing, graphic designing, or singing. Oh and can be very bi-polar at times. Often an Aries. Hands are like lethal weapons when you get on their bad side. Very independent.'

'Marilyn Manson':
'Not an artist, a fucking work of art.'

'Meow':
'1: The sound a cat makes2: The sound a human makes when they are imitating a cat3: The thing you say when you are singing a song, but you don't remember the words'

'M-O':
'Modus operandi (often used in the abbreviated forms M.O. or simply Method) is a Latin phrase, approximately translated as "method of operating" The term is used in English to describe someone's habits or manner of working, the method of operating or functioning. It is often used in a criminal sense, to profile the methods employed by individuals during the execution of a crime, and may also be used in offender profiling,2 where it can also be used to find clues to the perpetrator's psychology.3 It largely consists of the methods used to execute the crime, prevent detection, and facilitate escape.'

'Miranda':
'Miranda is a girl name. A girl who is perfectly imperfect and has an amazing smile. Miranda is a girl who acts happy but has problems of her own that she won’t talk about. She is a amazing friend who cares more about you then she does about herself.'

'Melanie':
'Melanie is a great person she is shy to talk to but is great in front of an audience,she will never let you down and if you need a friend go to her and she’s small and Petite she is great at party’s and will go wild but she is very sensible but don’t put to much pressure on her but she will take control she is graceful and fun she will always be right and will most likely be want you to call her mel.'

'Mexican':
'A person of nationality of the country of Mexico.Contrary to popular misconception, "Mexican" is not a racial or ethnic group. Though the majority of Mexicans are Amerindians (pure-bloods and mixed-bloods "mestizos"), there are a substantial number of non-Indian Mexicans, such as the Spanish whites that are effectively the ruling class of the country, blacks, Jews, Arabs (Salma Hayek, telecom magnate Carlos Slim), etc.A "Mexican-American" is a Mexican national in the U.S. Though the U.S. born children of Mexican immigrants usually claim to be "Mexican," this makes no more sense than U.S. born children of Canadian immigrants claiming to be Canadian.'

'Marina':
'She is someone who is inspiring, someone talented and a keeper. She is the cutest thing you've ever saw and one of the most lovable girls out there. Once you come in contact with one there is no denying that she is the best girl any man would die for.'

'mug':
'A thing that urban dictionary always wants you to buy.'

'Mustang':
'A World War II piston fighter aircraft.  Made better by adding the Rolls-Royce Merlin engine, kicked the luftwaffe's butt back to Germany and then some.  It is one of the best aircraft ever flown and certainly one of the most graceful.  Is armed with six .50 caliber browning M2 machine guns, and capable of phenominal range and speeds in excess of 430 mph.  The D variant was the most numerable and is still seen at airshows and racing at Reno.  Also known as P-51. P-51A -  First version, powered by allison v-1710, 4 machine guns A-36 - Army Dive bomber version P-51 B/C - Powered by Allision v-1650, which was the merlin built under liscense in the us, 4 machine guns P-51D -  Powered by Merlins and Packard liscence built engines, 6 machine guns and bubble canopy'

'muff':
'Contrary to popular believe, the word muff is not associated with hair at all.  Instead, the word "muff" is an inoffensive, slang word for a vagina.  Muffs can range from dainty and tight to floppy and roast beef colored.  Some muffs smell fishy or sweaty, and others smell like skin or roses.  Some muffs are hairy, others are bare, and some have razor burn or ingrown hairs.  Females (and transexuals) of all ages have muffs.  There are baby muffs and grandma muffs.  Most muffs have a week of bleeding, unless the owner is on some sort of contraceptive (see: Depovera, Seasonal).  It is also the root word for Muffdiver, Muffed, and Muffdoctor.  '

'Mangina':
'A man who plays up the feminist agenda, and or hates other men in favor of female privilege.'

'madi':
'she is the best person you will ever meet. she is quiet at first but once you get to know her she is very loud. she is very clingy and she will love you no matter what. she is beautiful, smart and kind. dont be afraid to be friends with a madi. she is the best person you will meet.'

'Monica':
'The most beautiful girl in the universe, inside and out. You feel an immediate connection to her when you meet her. You feel like you've known her all your life because she's the girl you've always dreamed about. Her magnificent and rare beauty may be her weakest point. She is also the most intelligent, witty, and charming woman you'll ever meet. You will never meet a girl who will make you laugh and make you use your brain more than she will.It's mind-boggling how a beautiful angel like Monica was graced upon the Earth for all those who are lucky enough to cross paths with this chick. This is a girl who has the inner strength of 1000 Goddesses, and the many difficulties she's experienced in life have only made her stronger. There is never a situation that she can't handle. She has been through so much adversity, yet she still manages to maintain that beautiful smile on her lovely face. Further, she goes out of her way to put a smile on others faces too. She is the truest definition of a queen.If you're lucky enough to date her, drop down to your knees and thank God and the heavens immediately. You can consider yourself the luckiest man on Earth.'

'mosher':
'Generally, people who dont feel the need to be branded as fashionable, even though mosher clothes are so much better than chav clothes. Moshers usually have small badges on their bags showing their favourite bands. Moshers are not un-sociable, infact they are nice people who are really cool to hang around with and chat. Can be seen in mosh-pits headbanging (do not get into one of these if you treasure your limbs) The only people they hate are chavs, i myself despise chavs and go mental everytime i see one. retford is chav infested- dont move there!!!'

'mullet':
'Pronounced "MUHL LET" A hairstyle in which the front is cut trim, but the back is long, left wild and often uncut.  Even when the back is cut, it is still longer than the front.  It is the sign of the redneck.  Alternate names include: Ape Drape.  Beaver Paddle.  Bi - Level.  Camero Cut.  Buisness in the front, Party in the back.  Canadian passport.  Coupe Longveuil.  El-camino.  Hockey hair.  Kentucky waterfall.  Missouri comprimise.  Mudflap.  Neckwarmer.  Ranchero.  Shlonc (short + long).  Achy-breaky-bad-mistakey.  Soccer rocker. Squirrel pelt.  Tennessee tophat.  Yep-nope. Mmmmmmmmmmmm...Mullet  '

'Maddy':
'She is the most amazing person you will ever meet. You are lucky if you have a friend named Maddy. She can always put a smile on your face anyday. She is beautiful inside and out! She makes eveyone happy, everyday. She loves animals. She is funny, smart, sexy, awesome and loving. You should be amazed by Maddy.'

'Melody':
'Melody is the girl who you secretly love. She can be loud and energetic, but she can also be quiet and still. She's really friendly and wants to be everyone's friend, even if she probably shouldn't be. She's very shy at first. She loves animals, dogs more so. She's beautiful inside and out. She's the girl every guy knows they'd be lucky to date, and the girl that girls would be lucky to have as a friend.'

'Mac':
'actually a word that indicates hood power of a gangster(specially afro-american), his command in crack dealing, slut management, he runs an entire industry related to local gangster crimes.  '

'Mikayla':
'Mikayla is a Goddess sent from above. She is truly an amazing celestial being. Sent from heaven. Anyone who has known a Mikayla has been blessed. Her aura radiates any room and makes anyone's day better. Even on her bad days Mikayla makes life brighter. She shines bright on her darkest days. Mikayla has a small inner circle cause she aint got shit to say to nobody she doesnt vibe with. She will drop anything and do anything for her closest friends and family. If you have a Mikayla in her life never let her go. Everybody needs a Mikayla.'

'Michigan':
'A magical place where one day it's 80℉ and sunny, and the next day is 30℉ and snowy. Also, the people wear short sleeves and shorts when it's 50℉.'

'Milk':
'Something my dad is still looking for to this day.'

'mo fo':
'It's an abbreviation for "Mother Fucker". '

'micah':
'From the Bible, means one who is like God.'

'Maverick':
'Someone who refuses to play by the rules. he/she isn't scared to cross the line of conformity. but their unorthodox tactics get results!'

'Moose':
'Jared Padalecki'

'milkshake':
'1. A whipped iced dairy drink, usually chocolate, vanilla, or strawberry. 2. A girl's body and the way she carries it.'

'Men':
'Apparently, the better sex.It's 2009, we really don't need to think we're all so great.On behalf of all the idiots that call themseves men on this site, ladies, belive me, we are not all like that. Some of us are actually not sexist testosterone filled nut jobs.If you ever get married, try and avoid those types.'

'Momo':
'A creepy urban legend turned meme that has been debunked.'

'mindfuck':
'an idea or concept that shakes one's previously held beliefs or assumptions about the nature of reality.'

'manboobs':
'Contrary to popular belief, not all manboobs are caused by fat.  Some men are naturally born with higher amounts of estrogen then others and once they hit puberty start growing actual breast tissue.  In fact, almost 1/3 of evry male has some form of it, though it may not be noticable.  But yes, most manboobs are just fat on overweight people.'

'mob':
'money over bitches'

'Moron':
'To be stupid. Not very clever, most likely to be lacking in intelligence'

'Mariam':
'The cutest little teddy bear, has magical powers causing you to love her unconditionally, also loves garlic mayo.One of a kind make sure you never lose her.'

'Manny':
'A funny, charming, cute guy. All the girls love him. '

'Muse':
'1) a creative inspiration2) A inhumanly awesome band that manages to fuse rock and classical and still make it the best thing ever thus reducing me to tears.They take everything good in the world, times it by 10, add some mushrooms, and make it amazing. You may burst into tears upon listening to Butterflies and Hurricanes, faint to Our Time is Running out, and possibly die if you are fortunate enough to see them live.You will no longer need food, water, drugs, sex or whatever else you think you need now as long as you have Muse'

'Mikey':
'The most amazing person in the world! He will make you fall in love with his smile and beautiful bright eyes. You will spend your life happy, and with a bunch of precious moments with him. There is never a dull moment with Mikey. He will make you laugh bunches to the point of crying. He will sweep you off your feet with his cheesy lines. He will steal your heart with his dorky ways. Not only does he have an amazing personality, he is as handsome as can be! You can definitely be yourself with him around. You will always feel loved, protected&cared for. He is definitely a guy that wins over people's hearts with how sweet he is. His soul will just wrap around your heart and you'll know that he's the one. He is my god-given soulmate. The one i see myself spending the rest of my life with. Mikey, i know you don't see yourself the way i see you, but i promise that for the rest of our lives, i will remind you how amazing you are. I love you, Mikey!-Your Wifey'

'Madeline':
'A girl who acts shy in front of adults but crazy with her friends. She defends anything she loves. She is very protective of her friends, and sometimes can act a bit mature, but will be silly instantly.She isn't one to follow the crowd, and likes to stick out with her friends.Madeline usually loves music, and gets excited over little things.She doesn't like it much when her name is pronounced wrong, but doesn't speak up most of the time to tell hem wrong. She usually goes by the nickname Maddie, Maddy, or Madi.'

'Maplestory':
'A free and legal drug that's more addicting than crack. Once you're hooked, you'll want more and more, and you will become sleep deprived with no social life. Some even go so far as to steal their parents' credit cards to buy pixelated clothes and accessories. Don't let the innocent and cute looking mushroom fool you. The first time you see it, you will laugh, but once you're in to it, it will be serious business.'

'mook':
'n. Italian-American short form of malook, motherfucker 1. a person of little social standing, one not worthy of respect. 2. an affectionate term for a regular guy, one who is unpretentious. 3. an incompetent person.'

'myspace whores':
'- myspace whores are mostly girls.. usually have new pics of them selves daily... have a million friends and dont know half of them... think myspace is some kind of popularity contest... they usually post bulletins saying comment my pics or im hungry for comments. go on my space every 2 mins to check if they have new comments.. take pictures of themselves in the mirror ... have a need to be on everyones top eight... need to keep commenting everyone just to be someones last comment... say things like im soo cool , im raddd ... usuallyy write all of there friends names under who id like too meett... basically there insecure annoying bitches that want to seem cool ;) ; every scene person has one'

'MaGGoT':
'Some of you may have gotten this right, but most of you are really far off.Maggot (n): a name used to degrade somebody, generally used in the military. Used by somebody of higher rank to degrade and/or humiliate somebody of lower rank.Maggot (n): a worm like creature, fly larvae.MaGGoT (n): A hard core fan of the band SlipKnoT, coined by the drummer of SlipKnoT Joey Jordison.note: the word maggot does not mean to get really hammered or to drink excessivly the correct spelling for that term is maggit (with an i not o).note: for definition number three that is it that's all a MaGGoT is in relation to SlipKnoT no more, no less.'

'Miriam':
'Literally the best of the best. Knows how to handle her bestfriends at all times. There's no other like her. She can be dumb and smart. She's gorgeous and lucky. No one can compare to her. You're lucky if she's in your LIFE!She's just simply the best.'

'Moose Knuckles':
'in yiddish this means a man that has his pants hiked up too far and has split the difference in his bean bag leaving one nut on either side of the crotch seam causing the individual nuts (you'll have to sit this one out hitler, sorry) to hang low and give that 'sad puppy dog eyes' appearance to the nutsack.  most often associated with older men in slacks with belts.'

'Morgz':
'the part of the printer called the copier'

'monster':
'a ruthless unsympathetic,self-centered person'

'munchy':
'cian treacy'

'muscle car':
'An automotive vehicle from the 40's, 50's, 60's, or 70's characterized by big displacement V-8s, big tires, chrome wheels, dual exhuast, racing stripes or flames, blowers, and speed.'

'Macy':
'If you have a Macy as a best friend, wow you are so lucky. Don't let her go.Macy's are so bright and bubbly full of energy, always with a smile on their face. You wouldn't know a Macy until you meet one. Macy's laugh at every joke and will always be their to help you when you fall.Macy's are beautiful, pure beauty they are. If you have a Macy as a best friend, I will tell you now, you will have so many memories together. Macy's laugh and do crazy things not caring what other people think. They are smart and full of life.You could never be thankful enough to have a Macy.'

'mad':
'Most predominantly used in the greater New York area, "mad" is an appropriate replacement for Northern California's "hella" and Boston's "wicked." In the common vernacular, it translates into "a lot" or "extremely." Can be used almost interchangeably with any of the above listed words. For the most part, it means angry.'

'McKenzie':
'McKenzie is a girl that will never give up on anyone no matter what! She loves all things and is a pretty lit person. If I never would have met McKenzie, I don't know what I would have done! She will be your best friend. If you make her mad, she will kick your butt so just don't. If you meet a McKenzie with brown hair and blue eyes, she's a keeper. Don't let a McKenzie go, you would have made the biggest mistake in your life. Btw, McKenzies are absolutely drop dead gorgeous, but they don't evem know it😭'

'Maryland':
'You know you're from Maryland if.Going on vacation means going to Ocean City for the weekend.You live within 10 square miles of snobby white people ghetto black people and rednecks.You can't have french fries without either vinegar or old bay seasoningBattle of the Beltways is infamous with the rivalries between the Baltimore and Washington D.C sports teamsYou get annoyed when people say your from the southYou get annoyed when people say your from the northeastYou went to Port Discovery as a childYou took Maryland state history in the 4th gradeIf you don't play lacrosse you know at least 20 people who do.You always wear sun glasses regardless of what the weather is like outside.You have broken up a crab before.You know at least 5 people who are or were in the Navy.You know what gogo music is.A weekend road-trip means either going to historic southern Maryland or Downtown Annapolis.You grill seafood regularlyYou hate everything about Northern VirginiaYou know a handful of people who work for the government.You have worn your state flag in some way shape or form.Every time you go to a large chain restaurant you see at least two people wearing suits.You went to Sandy Point State Park as a child and thought it was really exotic.You have been cut of by a car with 20,000 dollar rims on a 2,000 dollar car.School gets closed for an inch of snowYou either have or have known people who work at Six Flags for their summer job'

'Moto Moto':
'he likes em big, he likes em chonkeh( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)'

'meathead':
'An enormously muscular guy who cannot hold a conversation about anything other than weight-lifting and protein shakes.  Gets upset very quickly when he cannot complete his own sentences and thoughts. Can be found at nightclubs wearing shirts that are 10 sizes too small (if at all).  They are by far the most closely related human beings to that of apes, chimpanzees, and other primate.  They are evolutionary hindered and are less capable of following directions than my dead hampster.'

'mitch':
'A Mitch is a male version of a bitch. (According to Kevin Hart in Real Husbands of Hollywood)'

'McFly':
'Taken from the hit Movie Back To The Future, used to context to indicate someone has made a poorly thought out decision lacking in judgement and basic common sense.  SAid in a sarcastic tone of voice.'

'Modern Warfare 2':
'America's new form of military draft. Makes young american males want to join the ground forces because they play too much MW2.'

'muffin top':
'When a woman wears a pair of tight jeans that makes her flab spill out over the waistband, just like the top of a muffin sits over the edge of the paper case.'

'Millie':
'An amazing friend who would do anything for you. She is kind, beautiful, and hard for you to hate. Most Millie’s like to draw, and some other dont. Millies are all around extremely loyal friends and enjoy everyone’s company! (unless they dont like the company they’re recieving, or not in the mood for it)-kate 1.0'

'Marc':
'Marc is a name given only to the best. Marcs' don't come along often and when they do hold onto them, because you wont find someone who you love as much as you love him. A boy as gentle, and loving, and kind, who is the only person who you hate because every time you fall apart he makes you laugh and smile again. When life is letting you down he is the one who will always be there by your side. He holds your secrets and you heart and loves you like no other. Above all and treats you like he oughta. He always reminds you that chivalry is not dead. Marc is a teenager but is so mature, he has a good head on his shoulders and knows what’s up. The thing about Marc is that he is the thing you hold dearest to you, his eyes are deep, and his face is sweet, and his smile melts your heart. When he holds you never want to let go. On the outside he is simple and it seems like there isn't much to him. But on further inspection you find that there is more to him then you let alone anyone else will ever know and ever understand. You can read him like a book and you know that he can do the same, he is your best friend in the world and knows you like no other. Although you don't always have something new to say he is the only person who you can simply love the silence. You say Always and he says Forever, don't lose sight of the things that matter most. If you have had the honor to meet such a boy hold onto him for dear life because you will never find another.'

'Mimi':
'Mimi is the best woman you would ever met in your life and regret losing if she leaves you. She is the one that you would want to bring home to your parents. She is beautiful intelligent and independent. Best of all she has a big heart, but knows when enough is enough. Her attitude and personality is one you would fall in love with. Get you a mimi and you'll be addicted!'

'macintosh':
'The 10 reasons that Apple must think is imperative for making the change from a PC to a MAC can be found on their website. Of course if you have the time to read through all of them you realise that these 10 features or reasons have been standard with the PC a long, long, long time. Some of the reasons are just plain myths that Apple invented. Probably because they ran out of fabricated facts. So take the journey through the 10 commandments of a mac-enthusiast and enjoy their naive attitude towards personal computing. 1. The Mac... It just works  This is maybe the ultimate reason a mac owner will give you to explain why it's superior to a PC. The mac owner will tell you that all people that own macs are really satisfied with their computers and would never switch back. This is ofcourse not true.The mac owner will also tell you that with a system from Apple you will never have to think about drivers, upgrades or anything. A mac is perfection itself when delivered. Atleast according to their standard. Many macs can't even be upgraded. So what you buy is what you get. Expect your system to be outdated within 1-2 years.Apple also states: "Only with a Mac do you get an operating system built by the same people who built the computer it runs on.". Actually Apple's Mac OS X (the operating system) is not based on their own technology, but by the technology of freeBSD. Apple's own capabilities in form of creating an operating system have been demonstrated in previous versions of Mac OS. It took an operating system based on someone else's technology to get a Mac multitasking and not behaving like an oversized pocket calculator from 1985. 2. It doesn't crash Yes it does! And it does it alot. The difference between a pc based on Windows crashing and a Mac is that on the pc the crash is in 99% of the cases caused by badly coded third party software, when the Mac just has a faulty operating system. Why else would Apple themselves run their india website on RedHat Linux?There is another fun part about crashes on the mac, it's almost always impossible to trace the source of the crash. When your mac crashes you simply reinstall the system. Sounds like a fun thing to do on your spare time, well buy a Mac then! 3. Simply the best in digital music This point is actually based on Apple's iPod. I must admit, the iPod is not an ugly creation. I'll give Apple credit for that. But as always, they exaggerate the benefits of their product. Apple was far from first with creating a portable mp3-player with a built in harddrive but on the other side they do offer the most expensive solution.The iPod is about 40-60% more expensive than technologically equal products. Keep in mind also that it offers no recording option and no belt clip. Two very crucial benefits a portable mp3-player should have. 4. The missing link in digital photography  It's amazing! Apple has invented a program called iPhotos that will revolutionize the way we look at digital photos. Hear what they have to say: "Simply drag your mouse, and iPhoto magically grows or shrinks your photo thumbnails. So you can view individual shots in detail or see hundreds of photos on the screen at once...".Maybe mac users are new to digital photos on the computer but on the pc we have a huge variety of freeware that does the job of iPhoto and more, to choose from. So when Apple says that they are "the missing link in digital photography" maybe what they meant was that iPhoto is the missing link of the Mac.Windows users reached that stage of evolution ages ago. 5. Your own digital entertainment center  It seems that Apple thinks that they've revolutionized computing by developing mediocre software for viewing digital photos, editing video, burning CDs and DVDs and listening to music. Well they haven't! 6. Goes everywhere you go You better sit down for this one, hold on to your seat and embrace yourself for some cutting edge news from Apple... they've invented the laptop, eureka! Not only that, they think they've made it superior to other laptops. Let's look at why and also try to answer their questions:     * Can your PC laptop go coast to coast with just one battery?      — Ofcourse. And if it only needs the performance of the Mac it could probably go around the world.    * Can you put the system to sleep just by closing the lid?      — Oh my god, a Mac can do that? Well, so can a PC!    * Does it wake up instantly?      —Duh!    * Can your PC laptop automatically switch between Ethernet, dial-up and wireless connections on the fly?      —Without a doubt!    * Without a restart?      Is this a joke? This really proves that Apple has no clue on what their competitors are doing. If they never have used a PC running Windows it makes their tests and objective sayings about the Mac really credible. Oh, by the way, I was being sarcastic. 7. It's built for the internet Apple makes a huge point about the easability of configuring an internet connection on a mac. All new Windows versions come with just as easy to use guides for connecting to the internet with modem, lan or anything else. They also brag about such obvious tools of communication like email, favorites and contacts. Yes Apple, this is really new and hot stuff, you are indeed innovative. Or maybe not.The worst part might be that they lie about their under average video-plugin Quicktime. This might be one of the worst programs ever to install. Actually if some students at a university needed an example of a really poorly written program, this would be a perfect opportunity for Quicktime to step into the limelight. 8. Office is Office, and then some Yes, the mac comes with Office and this is why you should make the switch from a pc to a mac: "The transition to a Mac is easy in part because you’ll continue using the same applications you already know" Ask yourself this: Why would I switch when It's the exactly same on the mac? -Beats me. Apple does speak of some mysterious features in this sentence: "And thanks to exclusive features, the Mac versions improve on their Windows counterparts" As you might expect they mention nothing on what these features are. Well they're probably just wonderfully, perfectly and amazingly non-existent! 9. Works effortlessly with PCs  Apple thought for a long time that they'd be best off constructing their own method for network-communication. Everyone that has struggled with the glorious AppleTalk knows that they didn't do a great job. Now they have realised that it's better to use an already working technology that someone else created instead of poorly reinventing the wheel. "Networking on a Mac is built on the same technologies used by PCs." They also reveal amazing means of medias you can use on your mac: ..."you can also swap files via data CD, floppies or Zip disks." 10. It's beautiful Apple emphasises that all their products are masterpieces of design. Their problem is that their focus on design hinders them from creating ergonomical and practical machines. If you have ever used the small round iMac mouse you have probably too suffered from aches in arm and hand. "...ergonomic products that are the toast of the design world..." It wasn't I who brought up the word toast into the debate. On the other hand it was I who drew the paralell to machines looking like plain household machines. Who wants a computer that looks like a remnant from the 70's? You could probably achieve the same state of hallucination that you could by inhaling large amounts of heavy drugs. So what have we learned from these 10 points that Apple provides for the potential buyer. We have learned that Apple likes to tell their future customers that the mac is built on technology they probably already are using on their PCs. They also lure the extremely naive buyers with words like internet, word-processing and cd-burning. Please do not be fooled. You have nothing to gain by switching to a Mac. Apple has proved it on their own, with a little help from us.'

'Milo':
'Milo is an amazing person who knows all viral memes and videos he is awesome at everything and treats the person he's in a relationship with like it was his own life if your name is milo you were born to make the world better'

'Moo':
'What the cow says'

'Maryam':
'Maryam is The most kind, beautiful girl who was to ever walk the earth. The mere ground that she walks upon sprouts beautiful flowers in which life is able to thrive. She is more commonly known as an angel sent from heaven and is most of the time a blessing upon everyone she comes in contact with. If you make her yours, cherish her and don't ever let her go, you know she is hard to catch back if let go.'

'Malachi':
'A Malachi is very handsome and has the cutest smile in the universe , when he looks into a girls eyes she melts. A Malachi is the most special boy you'll ever meet and it's very easy to fall in love with him. He has beautiful brown eyes which can light up your world. A Malachi is unforgettable'

'moe':
'instead of calling someone by their real name in the dmv you call the “moe”it’s a nickname you call anyone'

'Michaela':
'There are many ways to describe her, but one word I would use is perfect, she is kind, caring, funny, outgoing, down to earth but out of this world at the same time, real, drop dead gorgeous, has a beautiful personality, eyes that make the stars look like 20 watt light bulbs, a smile that just makes you feel like there isn't anything in this world that could bring you down, loving, has an amazing sense of humor, very talkative, always keeps you on your toes, always surprises people, empathetic, smart, but overall she is perfect, there is no better word that describes it, Michaela can make you feel like time is standing still and you two are the only people left in the world. I'd say if you ever are lucky enough to have a girl like Michaela around, keep her and don't ever let her go,(but make sure its not my Michaela, I love mine to much)'

'Melbourne':
'Melbourne in Australia - city incorporated (as a town, anyway) in 1842.'

'MAP':
'Minor attracted person (Pedophile)'

'McJob':
'Any menial, low-paying, unskilled, dead-end job, including (but not limited to) those in the fast food industry, which requires zero creative or intellectual involvement, and whose sole motivation is a paycheck (i.e., no one works a McJob because they like it or care about the work). The employee may also be required to wear a silly and degrading uniform. Examples outside of the food service industry include Wal-Mart greeter and movie ticket clerk.  McJobs are usually filled by teenagers, bored retired people looking for something to do, retards, and struggling single parents in need of a second income. Turnover is high, but because practically anyone has the skills necessary to perform a McJob, the company can just hire more interchangeable McEmployees off the streets. The term's allusion to mass-produced fast food implies both the mechanical, unfulfilling nature of the work, and the disposable, interchangeable manner in which the company treats its employees.'

'mint':
'1. Nice 2. Cool'

'Mango':
'THE BEST FRIUT IN THE WHOLE WORLD. IT TASTE LIKE JUICY APPLES BUT BETTER. YOU THINK BIG BANANAS ARE GOOD TASTE THESE MOTHERFUCKERS. GET IT RIGHT.'

'Moist':
'The word that if said properly can make many people uncomfortable.'

'Marisa':
'She is a beautiful girl with a pure heart. She care's very much about the people that are close to her and would do almost anything for them. She has soft, flowing hair that shines like gold in the sun. Her eyes glimmer like freshly polished diamonds and own's the sweetest smile. She will keep your secrets and be there for you even through your darkest times. She can be an angel and she can be your worst nightmare. She's a goddess in human form. You must be careful tho. She has feelings that are easily hurt, but she'll never show it till she bursts into tears and breaks down. If you know a Marisa, take care of her. There's no one that can replace her and when she leaves you'll be ripping your heart out.'



'Nigger':
'Originally, "nigger" was a derogatory variant derivative of the Latin term "Negro" meaning black in color.   However, more recently, the cultural meaning has evolved to mean (amongst blacks and whites....derogatorily) a lazy, uneducated person, (of color). etc.'

'Nigga':
'A word that only black people use to call there homies if a white person uses it they are in some deep shit'

'Noah':
'Noah. He's a person who holds many gifts. For some people he's the love of their lives and for others he's an extraordinary friend. Well in my case. He can make us feel cherished, feel beautiful, feel loved; he can make us laugh, he can make us upset or even mad sometimes but you won't able to stay mad at Noah forever. You will share all kinds of moments, happy or sad but just remember its ok to not be ok sometimes, and Noah will respect that. He'll enjoy being around you and will try his best to do so as much as he can. Noah will make every moment memorable. He can be protective at times but do not think this is a bad thing, hes simply doing it to defend you and wouldn't mind getting hurt for a friend or partner although we shouldn't encourage this. He will always put you before himself.'

'Nerd':
'One whose IQ exceeds his weight.'

'Nathan':
'If your reading this hi mom'

'Nick':
'A fokin' legend'

'Nicole':
'She is a loyal person and would do anything for her friends or family. She could be a bitch if you make her mad. But she will always apologize. She can be shy or anxious. She will not always realize if she is good at something and will always deny if you tell her that she is good at something. She tends to be more creative and "head in the clouds" kind of girl. She loves a good bit of revenge but never to bad. She is a good person to share information with it just hang around. She tends to be a bit over protective and is a "do or Die" kind of person. She is very up lifting but can be sarcastic. She has a bad habit of acting okay.'

'Natalie':
'A very talented, beautiful girl who doesn't know it. She is shy at first, but when she opens up to you she is kind and humorous. She is intelligent and has determination to succeed. Natalie doesn't let anything get in the way of what she wants. Natalie will brighten up any room with her beautiful smile.'

'Noob':
'A. INTROI. What is this?II. Defining 'Noob' B. COMMON NOOB CHARACTERISTICSI. Noobish II. Where to find noobs III. Behavior of noobsIV. Noob religionV. More about noob habitats C. AVOIDING NOOBS I. Make sure you aren't oneII. Major noob avoiding strategies ------------------------ A. INTRO I. What is this?This guide is designed to give you a better understanding of what a noob is, how to recognize them, some details about them, and how to avoid or get rid of them. It mostly applies to online forums, which are the main targets of migrating noobs. II. Defining 'Noob'Contrary to the belief of many, a noob/n00b and a newbie/newb are not the same thing. Newbs are those who are new to some task* and are very beginner at it, possibly a little overconfident about it, but they are willing to learn and fix their errors to move out of that stage. n00bs, on the other hand, know little and have no will to learn any more. They expect people to do the work for them and then expect to get praised about it, and make up a unique species of their own. It is the latter we will study in this guide so that the reader is prepared to encounter them in the wild if needed. Noobs are often referred to as n00bs as a sign of disrespect toward them, and it's often hella funny, but I will refer to them as noobs during this reading. * Usually the topic at hand on an internet forum. B. COMMON NOOB CHARACTERISTICS I. NoobishOften, but not always, noobs will attempt to communicate in their own primitive language, known as "n00bish." It is a variant of the hacker language that exposes them as having little intelligence or will to learn. Here is an example of some noobish. Do not attempt to comprehend it: it cannot be discerned without professionals at hand. stFU /../..an, i r teh r0xx0rz liek emin3m, u cna go tO EHLL OR ATLE4St help m3 wit hthIS!!111!!!!!!!1~~1!!``!! LOLLOLOLLOLOLlOoLLOlollLLl u n00b Although you may find this unbelievably funny and/or annoying, it is best to restrain yourself and keep from talking back to them, as they are very territorial and easily angered. This will result in their attempted verbal abuse of you, possibly backed up by other noobs, because they work in packs when doing offensive tasks. It is not an easy task to learn this language because our intelligent accent will keep it from sounding quite right when spoken. You can write some simple noobish of your own, however, by slamming your face into your keyboard repeatedly. II. Where to find n00bsOn the internet, n00bs make their colonies on forums. They migrate in waves, usually on weekends, and proceed to clog up bandwidth with stupid questions and sometimes even stupid answers. If you happen to be unfortunate enough to be on a board large enough to attract migrating noobs, there will hopefully be authority in charge who is smart enough to take extermination measures before they can make nests and larger colonies. THE BANNER HAMMER is one form of authority. Larger colonies can result in the mutation of some into spammers. Not commercial spammers, but pointless spammers. A noob can become one of these at any point, but the larger the amount of noobs, the more chance pointless spammers will appear. Off the internet, noobs appear anywhere the focus is on learning or discussing something specific. III. Behavior of noobsSince noobs are basically ignorant bastards, they have a lot in common. The most often seen characteristic is their fluency in noobish, which is why it got its own section. They will also be very self confident as if they were the absolute best at what they are in fact the worst at. Also, they are quite agressive and self-centered, and tend to laugh a lot using many L's and O's in rapid sucession (the noobish word for laughing like an ultimate retard). It is their instinct to assemble in packs for defense, and they often attempt to organize packs that they call teams. Unfortunately for them, teams usually result in a total loss of communication and they can often begin to fight amongst each other. These teams are quite unlike those formed by non-noobs. Noobs have difficulty reading English and cannot comprehend the idea of authority. Therefore, they have an all-out disregard for rules, basic or not. A good way to identify a noob (bad) vs. a newb (good) is to tell them (or have an authority tell them) which rule they are unknowingly breaking. If they respond with an apology and fix it, they are probably not a noob. If they react by insulting everything around them in rapid noobish and causing general mayhem, it is because they are a noob and have had a small seizure due to their inability to understand what is happening. IV. Noob ReligionNoobs follow a variation of the 1337 (sometimes 7331) religion, in which they worship the number in odd rituals and put altars in their forum avatars and signatures. They often call themselves 1337, which experts say is somewhat like calling themselves godly in a human language. It's best to not interfere with their religious fantasies and practices because that can lead to a noob uprising, which can turn a forum to mush in less than a week. V. More about noob habitatsNoobs often attempt to maintain their own web pages. Some common features of these lairs are a terrible lack of content, background music, lots of pointless animated gifs, and pages that say some variation of 'tHEir isnothinG H34r yEtt LOLLOLOL!111!1!!~~~!!`! 13371337', which means 'Nothing here yet' in noobish. They will also have large, seemingly infinite marquees of 88X31 affiliate buttons replaced with red X's scattered here and there, and possibly a hit counter showing a number less than 100. These habitats are numerous but fairly easy to avoid because only noobs link to them. So if you can identify a noob, don't go to its homepage. Simple as that. C. AVOIDING NOOBS I. Make sure you aren't oneNote: This section is bilingual so even noobs can make the discovery if they haven't already. English (T4lk)- Read the above parts of this guide carefully. If you find yourself unable to comprehend any of it but are instead beginning to think about how great you are and how awesome 'teh 1337' is, you might want to take one of the many available online quizzes to check your noobancy. Noobish (133713371337)- Liek, u gott4 re3D teh gudieCAREFUl1y and tehn OMG LIEK I AM R0XX0RZ ya anD ify 0u turn into teh reTARDED u gota go 2 MY WEBP4GE LOLLOLOL!!111~11 ad check 4 warez n stfuu. if u r a n00b go2HELL LOLLOLOlROFLMFAO11!!!11!!!! a/s/l pos gtg n00b suxx0rz ur b0xx0rz OLOOOLOLLLL HELP HELP HELP 1337133713371337 II. Major noob avoiding strategiesThe main factor in attracting migrating herds of noobs is a large, active forum. If you find one of these, look to see if it has the management to avoid noob infestation. If not, look for a small or mid-sized forum that covers the same topic so you can enjoy your time there before the noobs find it. Another way to keep noobs from interfering with your life is to become part of the authority on one of these forums. But that's often hard to do so you'll probably be better off avoiding larger forums first off. If you do manage to become part of the authority, however, take full advantage of it and establish extermination policies so that normal people can have a nice time without noob infestations.'

'New Jersey':
'NJ is summed up in this quote. "I am from NJ. I curse... a lot. I say "yo", and I say it often. I never had school on Rosh Hashanah or Yom Kippur. I sure as hell don't pump my own gas. I know what real pizza tastes like, and I know that a bagel is much more than a fuckin' roll with a hole in the middle. I judge people by what exit they get off the parkway. I can navigate a circle--with attitude. All good nights must end at a diner--preferably with cheese fries. It's a sub, not a hoagie or, worse yet, a hero, and I wash it down with soda, not pop. Two words... "mother fucker." I don't go to the beach, I go down the shore. And boardwalk brawls are just a part of the atmosphere. Yes, I drink cawfee. I know that 65mph really means 80. I've always lived within 10 minutes of a mall. When someone cuts me off, they get the horn AND the finger. And they expect it. I am from New Jersey, and damn proud of it."  ~author unknown'

'nirvana':
'The true meaning of a "Grunge" band'

'no homo':
'1. A phrase said after saying something that could be interpreted as homosexual to someone of the same gender as the speaker.2. A phrase used in the above context, so that one can say something very gay about someone but still technically remain straight. Acts as a loophole for people to say really, really gay things that otherwise would just not be socially acceptable. People might still look at you weird though.'

'nu-metal':
'A genre of music that incorporates hiphop, decks and digital sound to metal music. Not to be confused with thrash or industrial, NuMetal bands tend to be more commercial than their underground counterparts and attract a certain subculture too.'

'Ninjas':
'True ninjas cannot be found. Not even on urbandictionary.'

'neopets':
'It was nice in the beginning, but then a corporation came along, bought Neopets.com, and killed the site. Apparently the creators may quit because of all of these stupid adverts and stoof.'

'NASCAR':
'A sport that started with southern moonshine runners building cars faster than that of the law'

'Nate':
'A Nate is a person is smart but acts dumb and always tried to make people laugh. In the end people think he is an all around great friend.'

'no':
'An elite word that you use too often to make people mad and use it in the wrong context'

'Normie':
'A person gravitating to social standards, accepted practices, and fads of their own time & geographic grouping without broader cultural perspectives from which they draw.Normies possess a lack of interest in ideas not easily accessible or being outside of their/society's current range of acceptance. A straight. A follower.Most normies adopt a "popularity is the only measure of good or bad" mindset at an early age.Normies typically have a sense of cultural superiority over "counter culture" movements & foreign cultures. They will often try to discredit out cultures or choices falling outside of their majority think claiming those of other dispositions are mentally ill or out of touch with reality.By perspective normies of this generation would have been the social outcasts of the uber conformist 50s.Most normies don't believe they are so. A deep generational delusion has since persisted -allowing them to believe they are defying a system of social rules long since defunct.This group can easily be molded to suit virtually any desired value system. In Americas capitalist system, normies have been adapted to consume whats easily attainable with little to no resistance. Popular is good. Therefore all that has been perceived to be vetted by their peers then is accepted.As their majority cultural definitions are rooted in shallow concepts and fads that soon expire they're often then called old.'

'Naruto':
'1. A fishcake found in many Japanese delicacies. Including ramen. It is white with pointy ridges and has a red swirl in the middle.2. A Japanese animation and novel created in 1999 by Masashi Kishimoto. Teams consist of three-man cells made up by two males and one female, and usually a teacher. Naruto (character), has the Nine-Tailed Fox sealed inside of him and he wants to become Hokage, the village's top ninja someday. After the filler arc, Naruto's friend, Sasuke left the village. And Naruto is known today as Naruto Shippuden.'

'Nina':
'Nina is beautiful and she has a kind heart. She is invested in helping others, particularly those with no voice.She is usually happy and a radiant light, but she cares so much and so wholly puts her heart into everything, that her feelings are easily hurt.But Nina is tough. She is stronger than she believes. But her experiences have made her who she is. She has been through a lot, but has still maintained her purest heart.Ninas usually are extremely creative and artistic. They are good at helping and supporting others, but puts themselves last, often personally suffering as a result.Nina is beautiful and very social. In her younger days, she was always the life of the party, everyone loved her. She was the bad girl, she was the most fun.Ninas are impulsive, which sometimes doesn't work in her favor.Ninas picks the wrong men. Current boyfriend is an asshole. Usually has had multiple failed relationships or marriages.All in all, Nina is a beautiful person and a loyal friend. If you love her and treat her right, she will love you back. Treat her like shit though, and she's gone.'

'n00b':
'A inexperienced and/or ignorant or unskilled person. Especially used in computer games.'

'Nickelodeon':
'What used to be the best channel ever but it sucks a really lot now.'

'Nice Guy':
'Nice Guy: Not to be confused with a nice guy (that is, a male that is nice)- When used as a noun instead of an adjective, Nice Guy refers to people (men or women) who believe basic social expectations are currency for sex.'

'nickelback':
'the act of willfully allowing one's ears to bleed.'

'Nicholas':
'A Nicholas (or Nick/Nic/Nicky) will make the best boyfriend/guyfriend ever. With their big brown eyes, and heart-melting smile it's hard not to fall for them. They are different, in a beautiful way. Possesses a very funny, odd sense of humor. They are there when you need them, and they value their friendships. They like to look good, and dress well. Handsome, and charming. They've had a hard life, but never gets kicked down and stays down. They change for the better, and stronger than ever. Very successful at life, make great Dads. Known to be players but when they meet that special girl, their sold. Nicholas's come off as tough and solid, but deep down, their soft side comes out and you see the sweet gentleman in them. They're not popular, but not a loner either. Friends love them, and guys want to be him. They have a really laid back attitude about themselves, but at the same time they can be the life of the party. Even though they can be a jerk at times, they mean well and are really the nicest guys ever. If you have a Nicholas, don't let him go. None other compares.'

'ned':
'neds usually hang around in groups 15-20 and they come from the glasgow area of scotland. they smoke lots and are usually seen drinking either buckfast wine or dragon soop. male neds wear tracksuit bottoms with white socks and a nike or adidas hoodie. female neds,, known as nedettes wear a tracksuit with air force 1’s,, 10 fake gold rings,, giant hoop earrings and very orange fake tan or foundation that makes them look like wotsits. they start to make baby neds from around the age of 10.common ned names:male: harry,, aaron,, marco,, charlie,,nathan,, lewisfemale: lucy,, amy,, madison,, millie,,chantelle,, derriplease publish this because it’s really funny and true just please xxxxxxx'

'Naomi':
'This is a woman, you can trust, extremely smart. She will give you all of her heart IF you are lucky! A Naomi is strong, funny...normally very much creatures of habit. She is spiritual in part due to her name being in the bible. You can go to her for great advice on just about anything....she can be honest to a fault. If you ask her opinion she will give it to you! They say Naomi women are intuitive. She has an inner and outer sexiness about her...and if you get a Naomi in her mid-to late 30's and older...she will be the best loving partner you will ever have--something about how she learns and takes that with her--not afraid to try things. She gives as good as she gets and then some!She is extremely loyal to all her friends and to her partner in life. One of the most caring, sweet, hard working, honest women you will ever meet will be a Naomi. If you can get one....KEEP HER!! She is the kind of girl you take to meet your parents--she is the marrying kind.'

'Natasha':
'Natasha isn't average. Natasha thinks differently from others, she's deeper, wiser- different. Natashas might struggle with confidence, but the entire world around her can see clearly that she is extremely intelligent, beautiful, and kind. She carries weight in her eyes, though. Natasha has made it through a lot, more than most know. But that's what makes her strong.'

'Nas':
'1. A lyricist, not a rapper. 2. Nas has the ability to tell stories by poetic rap, or lyrics.  3. One of the greatest of our time.'

'Netflix and Chill':
'Something you tell your parents when you want your boyfriend/girlfriend to come over and you fuck'

'nonce':
'(UK) Slang for paedophile.'

'no u':
'The end all be all of all arguments. Doesn’t have a cool down and will completely annihilate your opponent.'

'New York':
'In reference to the city, let's just say that you know you're from there if any of the following apply to you:'

'nub':
'one who sucks at a particular video game, they are not new to the game, but possess some determent that prevents them from playing well, no matter how long they practice playing the game.synonyms- a Dan Wood, noob, newbie, newbantonyms- an Alex, elite, 1337, leet'

'Nevaeh':
'If you know a Nevaeh, keep her forever. she's someone you want in your life. she is understanding, good listener, loyal friend, and absolutely stunning. Nevaeh can sometimes obnoxious and crazy, but has a good sense of humor. She is sensitive at heart but doesn't want to hurt anyone so she sometimes keep her feelings in. Nevaeh is heaven spelled backwards, they can sometimes be a pain and not seem like heaven. but they're the types of girls who will stick by your side for life'

'nazi':
'An acronym for National Socialist; from the German NAtionale soZIalist.    Refers to members of the National Socialist party, or anything to do with the National Socialist party.'

'Nugget':
'A) A lump of fried chicken in which the entire KFC franchise is based aroundB) A bag of quality marijuanaC) The result of a school prank, in which the victim is distracted, everything is removed from their schoolbag, the schoolbag itself is flipped inside-out, everything is put back in, and the resulting "nugget" is left for the victim to find and de-nuggetD) Parental slang for "idiot"E) Spontaneous nickname for a child who is excessively cute, funny, innocent-looking, etc.F) Slang for any large sexual part on a girl's bodyG) A small lump of something precious, often gold or fried chicken. DuhH) A word with multiple definitions of the Urban Dictionary, in which this defintion has been compiled from all the other definitions by a sad guy with nothing better to do with his time.'

'november 13':
'national ask a girl out daycome on boys don’t be a pussy!!'

'nice':
'Something you say every time you see or hear the number "69"'

'Nova':
'A shy funny girl who can be trusted and has tons of friends she is beautiful but not self confident in herself but always has luck and hope on her side'

'New Zealand':
'A small country off the East Coast of Australia.'

'nig nogs':
'What the beloved "Queen Mum", (The Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon), who was Queen Elizabeth's mother, called black people. '

'New York City':
'the unofficial capital of the United States of America'

'Nikki':
'The most beautiful girl in the world. She has a dark past, but you must look past it to the beautiful person she is. She thinks she is not much, but she is the best. Always boost her self confidence, because she deserves it. Once you find a Nikki, never let her go. She is a once in a lifetime chance that you should never pass up.'

'Nolan':
'One of the coolest guys I know. Usually very handsome. Has a great personality, often seen in a beanie, and fun to be around. He's one of those guys that likes to have fun and don't care what people really think of him. He is always there for people in need and is always there to help out a friend. Girls easily fall for him cause of his personality and his looks, but he usually has his eye on one girl. If you meet a Nolan, love him, cause there's no other guy like him.'

'Nut':
'v. The act of ejaculation. n. Semen.'

'normal':
'A word made up by this corrupt society so they could single out and attack those who are different'

'Nicolas':
'Nicolas is a wonderful person, full of love, laughs, smiles, muscles and more. He is great looking and pretty damn amazing. He is super nice, but sometimes thinks low of his self (which is not good) he is an amazing boyfriend, with an amazing personality. He is such a loveable person with eyes and smile that can melt your heart. he always find a way to make you happy. And anyone would be lucky to have him in their life!'

'Nathaniel':
'A very loyal, sweet, and caring person. A good friend to have, he will always be by your side and never betrays anyone. Usually a Nathaniel is a bit shy when asking out his crush, but will always be there for her. Around his crush he would probably try to make friends with her. Most Nathaniel’s are on the sweet side meaning no matter what he will make a friend feel happy even if it mean making him feel terrible. He is trust worthy and won’t tell anyone a secret unless its his own and he is telling a good friend or GF. It’s barley possible for him to cross the line because he loves his friends more than himself. If you’re friends with a Nathaniel then you’re very lucky. He will always help you with anything you need/want. I’m happy that my best friend is a Nathaniel..'

'Nintendo':
'A still-successful 100+ year old game company which once specialized in making card games.  It  started making video games in the 1970s and created a still-popular mascot called Mario.  The company has been, and still is the console company to go to of you want quality games that last.'

'Narcissist':
'Someone who has little to no empathy, manipulates others, gaslights (makes others doubt their reality), lies incessantly, believes their own lies. They make you doubt your emotions and then call you crazy. They rage for absolutely no reason and you end up apologizing. It can be a parent, friend, brother, sister, boss, spouse. In the beginning they love bomb you into believing they are prince/princess charming. Then they slowly start to abuse you to have you believe you are insane. It's all to control you. They will isolate you from your family and friends. You will leave the relationship someone you weren't. You will appear confused, unable to make your own decisions, depressed, anxious and with complex PTSD. So, RUN FAR AWAY RUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It is NOT someone who takes selfies.'

'Nancy':
'Truly that kindest person you'll meet. She really does care for people, going out of her way to make people feel better. She's quite the charmer and she's just the right amount of crazy. You'd be extremely lucky to be her friend and you should savour every moment you spend with her because each and every moment with her is better than the last. She's not afraid to say what's on her mind which most of the time makes her very easy to talk to. She also totally loves huskies.'

'NWA':
'Niggaz With Attitudes: American rap music group from California (considered one of the first "gangsta rap" groups).'

'noice':
'Beyond the boundaries and exceeding the limits of nice. Spoken with emphasis when describing something particularly awesome.'

'Nibba':
'The art of changing word "nigga" slightly, so no one gets offended.'

'Noodle':
'A code word to describe a cute or hot girl without anyone noticing:‘Noodle’ - hot girl‘Super Noodle’ - mega 10/10 hot girl'

'November 18':
'National Boy Bestfriend Apreciation Day!Your boy bestfriend is like your other half. They are always there for you, your bestest wingman and an annoying dumbass. They are so great they can be also known as your Flashcard-Buddie'

'November 14':
'National give your girlfriend cuddles, kisses, hoodies, chocolate, and whatever they want'

'Nothing':
'Actually means "something," but is used when you don't feel like explaining.'

'November 15':
'Ask your crush out day! Do it even if they are in a relationship or you know they do not like you back!'

'Nicki Minaj':
'Female rapper from Young Money Entertainment, Lil Wayne's label (her mentor). She firstly rose to fame by releasing her mixtapes series throughout 2007 and 2009; then, in 2010, she became one of the most skillful and successful femcees of all-time, when she released 'Pink Friday', which scored her a number one spot on the Billboard 200 chart. Her fame rises more and more when she was enlisted through long series of collaborations with rappers and singers, and with it she showed her most colorful image on the second record 'Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded' when she incarnated her most famous alter ego, Roman Zolanski, an angrier and dangerous version of her 2009-2010 one, Harajuku Barbie or simply Barbie. In 2013, she had a hiatus in the music industry, when she decided to surprsingly start her own branch of activities: a perfume, own clothing line, a drink, her movie role and her Beats by Dre pink pill endorsing collection. She appeared in at least 20 collaborations, that year, making her the most featured femcee ever (besides Stacey Ray, who before had 18 in 2012): that wasn't when she delivered a more sexy image of herself with more blonde and black wigs than the colorful ones.'

'Napoleon Dynamite':
'A torturously funny film that is amazingly accurate in its portrayal of life in a Mormon town. Most of the smaller towns in the Rocky-mountian west are predominantly Mormon.  Although it doesn't say it in the movie, Napoleon is a Mormon kid. The clues are everywhere. His "Ricks College" t-shirt is a dead give away. Ricks College is a Mormon school, (now called BYU Idaho). The second-hand store where Napoleon shops is one store in a whole chain of stores scattered throughout Utah, Idaho, Arizona and Nevada called "Deseret Industries", (pronounced Des..err...et) or "DI" for short, and is owned and operated by the Mormon Church.  Napoleon talks about scout camp. The Boy Scout program is almost single-handedly run by the Mormon (LDS) Church in the west, and is a very significant part of their development program for boys. The director and his co-writer wife are Mormon, so is the actor who plays Napoleon. Most of the cast/crew are from Brigham Young University, (BYU)and most of the cool words that Napoleon uses like flip and gosh have been used by Mormon kids for decades.  Even the liger has roots in growing up in the Mormon west...the liger was a real half-lion half-tiger that actually lived for many years at the Hogle Zoo in Salt Lake City, and is well known to legions of Mormon kids who went to Hogle Zoo on field trips. After it died it was stuffed and mounted and is still on display at the zoo.  Though no-fault of the director, (the film is loosely based on his life in Preston) much of the deeply subtle humor in the movie is only caught by those familiar with Mormon culture. Napoleons clothes and the furniture in his house for instance, are all "total DI".  All in all, a "funny as heck" movie that can be enjoyed by all and is well worth seeing whoever and whatever you are.'

'November 8':
'national kiss your crush day'

'Niamh':
'An Irish girls name Niamh is a very independent and thoughtful girl and always up for the laugh she is an absolute beauty but because of this it strikes jealousy for other girls. Niamhs often get criticized and put down a lot because they tend not to fight back this doesn’t last long though because when you push a Niamh past her limit she will flip out and will terrify you. Niamhs are very sensitive and don’t take criticism of any type well. They are creative and can be quite clumsy to say the least. If you have a niamh in your life I advise you to treat her well because she is the friend that will never betray you and will always try to build your confidence as she lacks confidence in herself. Niamhs tend to be very shy before you get to know them. They are the friend and lover that will always be there for you especially if they say they will. Adores animals and can’t stand animal cruelty or cruelty of any kind to anything. Niamhs often find it hard to come to terms with their feelings and often say they aren’t good enough , they struggle to put how the feel into words which leads to people getting bored and leaving. Niamhs are charmers and are very empathetic , they give the best advice (going by my friends advice) and are very pure creatures too pure for this world'

'nigglet':
'racial slur meaning "baby nigger."'

'nuke':
'The internet's solution for any atrocities or social issues in any foreign country.'

'Numpty':
'Scottish usage:a) Someone who (sometimes unwittingly) by speech or action demonstrates a lack of knowledge or misconception of a particular subject or situation to the amusement of others. b) A good humoured admonition, a term of endearment c) A reckless, absent minded or unwise person'

'Nora':
'Nora is a strong young lady. She loves to eat food. She’s such a fan girl. Friendship is one of the most important things for her even if something is wrong with her best friends she is always there or is worried.Nora’s parents can be very strict and expect a lot from her.Nora is has one thing that makes herself different from everyone else but she doesn’t like people to point it out.When she loves something like a friend or even a Bracelet it’s hard for her to let go but with just talking it out she will get over it and then always be ready to hear her friends problems not matter what they are even if it’s the most stupidest thing she will listen and give u her opinion and try to give you the right choice to make. But she doesn’t just help you before she says anything she pictures herself in your place and how your feeling and what she would do.she is also very strong and not just in her muscles but her emotions you would be surprised how much is in there locked up a ways and she’s been through a lot but she keep herself together and worry’s about everyone else and try’s to never cry because she knows if she does she will break and feel like she is letting everyone down.Nora is one of a kind person and is that one person that you want in your life and if your having a bad day she will do something stupid just to cheer you up or talk about her fan girl stuff, she’s that one person that brings you joy into your life.'

'Nug':
'n. 1.  A high quality bud of marijuana.2.  The Dank.3.  See ganja.'

'Name':
'An area of definitions on Urban Dictionary with absolutely no purpose except to get on people's nerves by unjustifiably talking about how awesome someone with a certain name is. The existence of names as definitions on this website is nothing but an obnoxious joke.'

'nonconformist':
'a person who usually does things differently from the majority of people, not for the sake of being different and special, but because they prefer to do so.'

'Neocon':
'Basically a word synonymous to names like John Bolton, Pompeo, Dick Cheney, Elliott Abrams, Robert Lighthizer, Peter Navarro etc. A small, but constant clique in the US administration that is responsible for most of the recent US military invasions around the globe.'

'November 6':
'National Yeet your friends across the room day'

'November 12':
'Give a girl your hoodie even if she already has one or even if you hate the girl'

'November 2':
'National slap your siblings day'

'November 3':
'National crackhead day, where for the entire day one must act like a idiot, even if they normally are one'

'Nico':
'An amazingly sexy, funny, exciting, ambitious, sweet guy. He is a bit of a hard egg to crack, but once he feels close to you, he will open up and allow you to feel his warm heart instantly. He is Very loyal and generous. He would do anything for those he loves. If you meet a Nico, consider yourself Very luck because he is a keeper.'

'nba':
'Acronym for Never Broke Again'

'nipples':
'the center of a womans breast that become pointed, hard, and erect when they are stimulated or the woman is horny...or really cold...not a sexual organ, but generally feels good when rubbed, sucked, licked, bitten, or vibrated.it typically turns guys and girls on when they see a girls hard nipples showing through her shirt, especially when the girl isn't wearing a bra.'

'North Korea':
'Definition Removed By The North Korean Government.'

'November':
'it’s no nut november, what did you expect'

'Nat':
'Annoying ass girl who is famously know around the city for Thotting around'

'NSFW':
'NSFW is an abbreviation for words like Not Safe For Wife, Not Suitable For Work, but mostly accepted as Not Safe For Work.It is an internet slang that is often used to describe online posts that are mainly associated with heavy nudity, sexual, heavy profanity and other things that could often link with pornography. Most of the time, NSFW is used for a fandom of some sort when people want to discuss and share the sexual and porno side of the fandom.'

'N-Word Pass':
'This mystical and infinitely powerful artifact is a certificate or other formal document granting the holder the right to utter the N-Word without being from the hood. It is only granted to those of great renown, it is said that a Nobel Prize is a cheap trinket in comparison to an N-Word Pass.'

'nips':
'Hard nipples, visable through the shirt.'

'November 20':
'november 20 is national throw your shortest friend day.'

'Nia':
'A Nia is a like an Angel and Devil at the same time. She'll have a cute squeaky voice, she'll give hugs no matter who you are, she'll be like a ray of sunshine! But when she's ticked off she'll turn your world upside down. She freaky too🤣. Nia has 3 personalities. The I'm in a good mood, the don't fucking touch me, or the "we aight" mood. When she's in a good mood she'll dress up nice because she's confident. When she's in a don't touch me mood she'll have a disgusted face all day and tick off if you say the wrong things and she'll turn to a devil. Meh days are when she can be happy or sad. When a Nia likes you she'll buy you things, she'll make food for you, take you out for whatever you want, and she'll make time. She's pretty with or without makeup and she'll always have a reason for why she wears makeup because she usually doesn't. Nia is a very hard worker and loves to pursue her dream. She'll take the worst risks and she'll make up excuses. She'll say she's not hungry when she's starving, she'll say she has time when she doesn't. She'll put others before herself and it could be a stranger and she'll still take the bullet for them (but if they did wrong to her she'll kill that person herself ;)). Anyways a Nia is literlly the best person you could have in your life. She'll make you laugh, she'll tease you, she'll force you to do things you don't want to, and she'll give you endless love no matter what happened to you guys in the past. 😙'

'November 19':
'National Slap a Stupid Bitch Day'

'No cap':
'No cap basically mean that their not lying or capping like they did something.Sometimes ppl write it like this🙅🏽 ♀️🧢or 🚫🧢 different ways'

'nigs':
'it iz da plural of nigga.'

'Netflix':
'A video streaming service which is the reason I'm single.'

'Northern Virginia':
'Has some of the America's worst traffic jams.  '

'November 9':
'National sleep day'

'Nikita':
'Nikita: A person with a heart of gold. Extremely kind and always compassionate. Puts others before herself, but still manages to have a thoughtful opinion and holds true to her beliefs. The best girlfriend one could ever ask for. Beautiful Inside and out. Impeccably dressed. Extremely intelligent. Could talk to her for hours about nothing. Very mature for her age. She knows what she wants and how to get it. Someone you will always want to have by your side-your life will change once you meet her.#nikita #mybooba #bestie #partnerforlife'

'neo-nazi':
'A name given to people whos political ideal is akin to that of the German National Socialist (Nazi) party of the 1930's and 1940's. Neo-Nazism can also be called White Nationalism. It appears in mainly North American and European countries. The cornerstone of the ideology is the want for these countries to be peopled by whites and support the exclusion of non-whites. It is usually supported by white working class people, especially those from mixed race areas.'

'Neck':
'1.) Slang for blowjob, or oral sex performed by females.2.) A way of someone receiving pain for stupid thoughts or ideas by giving them a hard slap on the back of their neck.3.) The area between your head and your shoulders.'

'Neil':
'Neil is a guy who is misunderstood a lot . But if you get to know him you'll see he is the sweetest guy you'll ever know . He is very respectful and has a big heart . He is caring and loving and puts other before himself . He gets pissed off easy tho . He's great at basketball and football and is very sexy and handsome .'

'November 10':
'November 10 is Kiss your crush day💕☺️😘'

'non binary':
'when a message or sequence is not written as purely 1's and 0's.'

'NFL':
'A 4 Hour Commercial, with some occasional Football inbetween.'

'Nutella':
'God's favourite spreadable food, made by pixies in the magical land of yum.'

'Nya':
'Nya may be short for Nyaneng or other names. A Nya is usually a kind humorous and beautiful person. You are very lucky if you have a Nya as a friend. Nyas don't have many friends but they have very strong relationships with their friends. Nyas are very shy at first but are outgoing and loud when you get to know them. They can say just one thing and it will brighten your day. They always know how to cheer you up and always have your back. Nyas are also GORGEOUS. They may sometimes be insecure but are mostly very confident. Nyas are skinny but really strong and athletic. If you have a Nya don't lose her'

'Narutard':
'A mixture of two words, 'Naruto' and 'Retard,' a Narutard is a huge anime fan of the anime/manga series Naruto. They love the characters truly, by cosplaying their characters with cheap clothing. Anyone could be a Narutard with ease, such as I.Narutards usually didn't read the manga or watch the Japanese version of it. They usually fantasize about yaoi/yuri pairings that are unbelievable, like if this one guy kissed this other guy and married each other.Also, if one is a Narutard, they are most likely to post definitions here on Urban Dictionary about their most loved characters and most hated characters.'

'nympho':
'Someone, normally female, that eats, breathes, & lives for sex. She dreams about it, often playing it over so much in her mind that something she has never tried can be exceptional the first time done with another person. She is insatiable & always ready to play but that does not always make her a slut or whore, for she can be picky in her selection.'

'november 22':
'best day in the world where the best person was born'

'Nash':
'a naughty, salacious stud with a good heart'

'nofx':
'awesome punk band '

'Niko':
'A Eastern European criminal who can do fucking do anything. He can spawn helicopters in front of him like Jesus and he loves going Bowling with his cousin Roman. He also cannot die, he just passes out after falling 120,000,000 feet.'

'new york yankees':
'probably the most hated baseball team.'

'naggers':
'People who annoy you.'

'nut huggers':
'really tight jeans worn by a man'

'new orleans':
'One of the best fucking cities in the usa.A great place to party.Also known as home of Mardi Gras and Jazz.If you have anything bad to say about the N.O then fuck off.'

'Nelson':
'A very sweet, humble, romantic guy who cares for others and helps everyone. He is very successful, educated, handsome, and hardworking, he is a great person to spend time with and be with. Very trustworthy and lovable. Someone who wont let you down and tries to make everyday of your life the greatest.'

'noob tube':
'Any grenade launcher attachment used in Call of Duty 4 Modernwarfare, employed by n00bs of the highest caliber.'

'November 7':
'This day is national say yes to the person who asks you out no matter what!'

'nasty':
'1. to describe something that is disgusting 2. to act dirty in a sexual way'

'New Hampshire':
'A place where people from mass come to get lost in our mountains which have very clearly marked trails and then have the state of New Hampshire pay to rescue them.'

'New Canaan':
'New Canaan is a small town about 45 min. outside NYC that is located in Fairfield County. An even ritzier lifestyle then that of the OC, people in NC are classy and of course preppy. Most likely if you live here, your family owns more then one house, has a variety of luxury vehicles to choose from and one or more of your parents commutes to NYC by train or limo. Parents make loads of money, participate in cocktail parties, play tennis and cart around their younger kids to soccer practice and such. Teenagers have nothing better to do then spend their parents money on expensive clothes, drugs and alcohol, so it's no surprise it has the highest rate of underage drinking in the country. However, they still manage to take home state championships in sports such as soccer, lacrosse and hockey and eventually go off to the Ivy Leagues. While you reside in New Canaan, there are a couple things to remember. It is Beirut, NOT "beer pong". Do not be surprised to see parents participating in drinking events right next to their kids. If the town seems deserted in the summer, you can take a short plane ride to Nantucket and discover most of New Canaan there. D-Baggers can at times be fun to party with, but at ANY sports event must always be considered the enemy. Pop your collar. And finally, don't be alarmed if kids between the ages of 12 and...well, up, closely fit the description of an alcoholic.'

'navy':
'The branch of many modern militaries, especially the United States military, that specializes in sea-based operations and has a wide jurisdiction over military command.'

'November 16':
'National beat your teacher day'

'Nana':
'only the coolest person in the world! not related to granny or granma in any way'

'Ness':
'The kid from the video "Earthbound"Who also appeared in Super Smash Bros. and Super Smash Bros. Melee.'

'NAMBLA':
'(North American Man-Boy Love Association) - Most fucked up group in the world. They think they have rights, but let's face it - no one has the right to take advantage of, rape, and mentally corrupt children.'

'Nemo':
'1) The fish from the pixar movie.2) In latin, it means "nobody"'

'Nude':
'Taking pictures of a penis or a vagina and sending it to someone for personal needs. If your not safe with them they can be leaked. ( Don't be a dumbass and put you face in the photo)'

'Nic':
'Quite possibly the most sweetest, attractive, amazing person you will ever meet. Not only is he the greatest but he has an irisistable smile. A smile that makes you think hes innocent, but no one really knows. Hes got a bad boy look to him. And a has his way with words. Hes tall and walks with confidence. Has nice hands. And gives you butterflies. Hes constently on someones mind. Meaning you are always looking for a time you can get him to see you. Hes definitly a chick magnet. When you see him you just know hes everything you could ever ask for. What can you say, hes Nic.'

'niggerrich':
'Having money in your wallet and seeming wealthy only on payday. Most times you blow your money on Colt .45 and niggerports instead of paying the electric bill. You live in the fantasy world that you are rich-- but tomorrow you won't be.'

'November 4':
'Give a girl a hoddie,no matter if she has one.'

'Norman':
'A city in Oklahoma and home to the University of Oklahoma. It is full of OU tards and is one of the shittiest college towns in the country. The residents of this town are all OU students, so they are only concerned with the bars of the city. The air in this town is just different and you can literally smell OU tard.'

'Neha':
'Neha is a popular Hindi/Sanskrit Indian feminine given name, which means Love. It can also be translated to mean "rain" or "eyes."Usually, women named Neha are charming beyond compare. She carries stories in her hair and music on her lips. Always sought after by men but one who is hard to get.'

'narc':
'1. n. Short for a Narcotics officer.  A member of Law Enforcement that enforces drug laws. 2. n. A person who is not a member of Law Enforcement but turns you into the police for doing or dealing drugs. 3. n. A person that turns you in for something you did wrong; specifically to any type of authority figure like parents, cops, teachers, boss, etc. 4. v. The act of turning someone into law enforcement or authority figures.'

'November 17':
'National no homework day, all students boycott homework and see if we can make this a real holiday'

'numb nut':
'1. Lacking intelligence.2. Having no feeling in one's nut.'

'Noel':
'A fun guy who everyone loves. Everyone wants to be his friend because he is so cool. Noel's are usually natural leaders who become class presidents, captains of varsity sports, or just a straight up trend-setting badass. Most people would think he is a douchebag but he is a kind, caring dude.'

'nappy headed ho':
'Female basketball player at Rutgers University.'

'N.A.S':
'This is an acronym meaning “niggas ain’t shit”'

'n':
'Literally the fucking letter nWhy the fuck did you search this'

'Noms':
'Food, especially when speaking "lolcat".  It's based on the "nom nom nom" onomatopoeia for eating.'

'new years eve':
'Perfect excuse to get wasted on a week day.'

'Olivia':
'An amazing girl! She's trustworthy, pretty, intelligent, kind, and hilarious. I'm so lucky to have her in my life.She's a beautiful girl with an amazing body. She's charismatic, sophisticated and powerful. But she can also be very weird and crazy.Laughs at her own jokes.She's incredibly smart, has a way with words and is a great listener. She loves helping people with their personal problems.She doesn't take shit. She's gonna catch your shit and throw it back at your face. Do NOT get in her bad side. She doesn't like being surrounded by many people, so if you're close to her, she considers you very special.She's pretty tall with adorable hands and the cutest feet!She's the kind of person who eats a whole pizza by herself and not gain weight. Like, what?She doesn't like olives, unless they're in her martini.She's a very special girl.An elegant name for an elegant girl.You're lucky if you know an olivia. She's ana amazing friend, and an amazing lover. Very passionate and romantic. Unless you get on her bad side.She can be shy and sophisticated, but can also be SO badass.She's extremely talented and artsy. Very good at sports as well.She truly has it all. Looks, brains, personality. If you know an Olivia, cherish her.'

'oof':
'when you don't really care but should say atleast something'

'Obama':
'A mysterious man who doesn’t have a last name. Usually associated with yoda (yobama), thanos (obamos), and obunga.'

'Oscar':
'Oscars are super sweet Latinos with the cutest haircuts. The best person ever. They are the funniest person you'll ever meet. They're super cute and know how to make a girl laugh. They know how to make their gf smile, even when she's feeling sad. He is the smartest boy in his class and such a geek. When you meet an Oscar you'll realize how awesome they are and how lucky you are to know them. Oscars can get you through anything. Whether you're sick of school, taking an L, or doubting urself an Oscar will be there to save the day.'

'orgasm':
'a science teachers worst nightmare, you don't want to accidentally say it in a room full of 13 year olds.'

'Owen':
'An evil creature that is nice but also really interested in video games'

'One direction':
'Terrible dancers :)------------------------'

'oreo':
'a very cute dog that is black in color and has a white stripe oh its belly. '

'Osama Bin Laden':
'The greatest player of hide and seek the world has ever known, rivalled only by Wally/Waldo.'

'Orange':
'Donald Trump'

'October 25':
'National hug your crush from behind day'

'OG':
'OG used to mean Original Gangster allthough some poeple these days use OG as a quicker way of saying Original'

'otp':
'One True Pairing in a work of fiction. Characters that a person thinks work well together.'

'Ohio':
'The only place with Arctic weather and Summer weather in all four seasons, plus an unnamed fifth season where it rains toothpicks. Home of several big companies and wide fields of crops.'

'oliver':
'lil blonde potato dealer'

'October 24':
'October 24 is the day to just go up to people and give them a hug and see if they hug you back or whatever'

'otaku':
'The term "otaku" seems to have been introduced to anime fans in the US and other countries via Studio Gainax's "Otaku no Video 1985," a self-parody film.Otaku, meaning probably "venerable house," refers to someone who has a devotion to a subject or hobby (not necessarily anime) to the point of not leaving home.  For instance, an otaku fan of a particular movie star could quite possibly know all of the films s/he has been in, their birth date, time of birth, shoe size, favorite toothpaste, etc.  Generally speaking, calling someone an otaku in Japan is an insult, implying that their social skills have atrophied or never even developed, due to their manic involvement in their chosen fandom. In America, the term is used to denote a zealous fan, usually of anime and/or manga.  Due to its introduction to most people's vocabulary through its tongue-in-cheek use in Gainax's film, "otaku" tends to have a much less dire definition overseas. When dealing with Japanese people, however, it may be best to keep in mind the modern Japanese image of an otaku -- Someone who only leaves their home to eat or shop, if at all, with an overwhelming and unhealthy obsession about something.  It can as easily refer to a stalker or sociopath as it can to a harmless anime buff. Best to avoid the word altogether if one is not sure of the context in which it will be received.'

'October 31':
'It’s fucking Halloween what the fuck did you expect? Fucking virgin awareness day or some shit?'

'october 21':
'october 21 is national give a girl a hug day.'

'orgy':
'when a bunch of people get together to trade STD's'

'October 18':
'national dumb bitch awareness day'

'OwO':
'The predecessor to "What's this...?"'

'OC':
'An "original character" created by the author, they may be a totally made up character or based on a living person. OC's are a creative way of expanding a fandom bringing their writer's own personal touch on a fandom. OC's give a reader a little insight into someone's imagination and can be amazing #StandUpForOCs'

'Omg':
'Orange mice gaming.'

'October 22':
'October 22nd is say hi to your crush day'

'Omegle':
'A video chat website, where you connect to complete strangers, though 80 percent of a time it is a dude masturbating to the camera, or lonely fat chicks with their cats, but if you are very lucky you might just see Pewdiepie. 1 out of 9000 chance.'

'Oop':
'The word you say when you dont know what to say.'

'Overrated':
'When something or someone becomes too popular than others, and is given more credits than it deserves to be.'

'Owned':
'v. owned, 0wned, pwned, 0wn3d, pwn3d, own3d. v. tr.To be made a fool of; To make a fool of; To confound or prove wrong; embarrasing someone: Being embarrased.'

'Ok?':
'The rudest way possible to say ok'

'Oxymoron':
'An Oxymoron is two words, or a compound word, with contradictory definitions. The most commonly-used example of an oxymoron is 'jumbo shrimp,' as a shrimp is small by definition and therefore cannot be jumbo.'

'OP':
'1. Overpowered 2. Original Poster: The person who begins the selected thread in that particular forum.'

'October 23':
'Give a girl your hoodie day'

'oi':
'Cockney slang for "hey". Also a british style of music, named so after the band Cockney Rejects who first used it in their lyrics, although Sham 69 was the first Oi! band. (not correct without an exclamation mark!)'

'oprah':
'To make billions of money and show off in front of middle-aged white women'

'October 27':
'National wink, Kiss, or air kiss at your crush while they’re looking at you day.'

'Ok boomer':
'When a baby boomer says some dumb shit and you can't even begin to explain why he's wrong because that would be deconstructing decades of misinformation and ignorance so you just brush it off and say okay.'

'oh':
'something one would say to show how much they really don't care'

'opp':
'Anyone in competition or against you.Mainly used and originated in chicago'

'Opeth':
'Progressive Death metal band formed in 1990; known for their blend of folk, metal, and progressive 70's rock, and Mikael Åkerfeld's brutal death growls and beautiful clean vocals. One of the most talented extreme metal bands around today.'

'Ollie':
'He is a legend who really wants a girl friend. He does not ask girls about but he really likes them and wishes the girl would.'

'Omar':
'Omar is a great person. He is one of the strongest people you will meet. He is very joyful and kind at heart. But has a dark humor and would be a great boyfriend. He is not afraid to get into a fight, and you better believe he will knock u out. He is very sweet and trustworthy. He will always be there for you. He also loves hugs and his friends. He will bring your life joy and light. Don’t lose an Omar because he is one of a kind. He also wants people to be happy even if it means he isn’t. He can live a bad life but never show it. He may seem weak but he isn’t. He also can be a great boyfriend.'

'One':
'The number of times it takes to post this exact definition on Urban Dictionary before it gets accepted'

'obamanation':
'(noun) A tent city similar to hooverville in nature.'

'oikawa':
'milk bread and hitting things till it breaks'

'opinion':
'a person's thought/idea that may seem truthful in their eyes but may not be in someone else's; a personal view'

'O':
'The letter fucking o. Are you that bored?Or you just smashed your keyboard but only a o cane out?'

'October 26':
'October 26 is national no homo day. You can do anything with the boys that day without saying no homo because it’s national no homo day'

'oklahoma':
'home of the quakenado.... one of the few places in the world where two natural disaster happen at the same time.'

'O.D':
' Over Dose. Mostly used in the slang way as in, it went past the limit:'

'October 19':
'Hug a girl day, you can hug any girl you want no questions asked'

'Oregon':
'Wonderland.  Eden. Serenity. Clean. Natural. Unruined. Green.  Peaceful.Dont visit we don't want you.'

'oogabooga':
'oogabooga - a word used in the times of cavemen, means hello, good-bye, how are you, wassup. really anything you want it to. use it with different expressions to mean different things.'

'onion':
'an ounce of cocaine'

'October 29':
'National kiss your crush day!'

'OCD':
'A disorder that can be a mild illness or a severe illness.The disorder includes the following: Obsessive thoughts, problems with concentration/focusing... Etc.Example of an event that can often occur: Scratching left side of your cheek, then scratching right, and then both, and continuing until the 'ritual' is complete. Personally I have OCD and I can tell you, it is f**king hell having it.'

'obese':
'a human sphere, equal in width and height (sometimes more in width than height)'

'O rly':
'Internet slang, short for "Oh, really?". Used in the following ways; often sarcastic: 1. In response to someone who has said/pointed out something very obvious 2. In response to someone who has insulted you or has aggressively disagreed with you 3. In response to a boring, nerdy comment you don't understand or care about (i.e. a peice of trivia) 4. In response to a comment that seems hard to believe or a lie Occasionally some will respond to an "O rly?" comment with "ya rly" or "rly", but this is lame and not recommended.'

'October 20':
'National hugs day.'

'OJ':
'OJ typically means ‘On Job’. It is usually used to describe gang members who have a good work rate on road.'

'oasis':
'A Rock band resposible for a musical revolution in Britain during the mid 90's.  One of Only a few bands in the world who write amazings rock songs and are still producing top albums 10 years later.  All those of you who go on about their antics in the media are completely missing the point.  They are legends'

'Onision':
'A terrible youtuber, singer, and father. A man who can't take criticism and attacks his critics for their looks and personality, instead of actually debating their points. He only cares about views and gets incredibly angry when people use his name to get views when he has made countless videos about Shane Dawson, Eugenia Cooney, Jojo Siwa, the Paul brothers, etc. He claims to support and love the LGBTQ+ community, even claiming that he's gay (even though he has had 2 wives). Despite all this bullshit he's done, he still has 11k subscribers.'

'oral sex':
'when a guy licks a girls pussy and a girl sucks a guys dick. very pleasureable.'

'Ozzy':
'If you need help, he is always there. He will make you laugh and always put a smile on your face.No matter what you do, or how you act, he will always love you. Prepare to be jealous when another girl starts to fall for him, because he is charming like that. But if he is committed to you, he will stay by your side forever.No one knows you like he does, because he will take the time to know you. To ask questions. To care about you.Be regretful when he is gone, because there will never be another guy like him. Ever.He won't judge, or jump to conclusions, but he is human and will get defensive just like anyone else.He is an amazing, loyal, energetic friend and lover.He has the best taste in music.'

'oh noes!':
'1) A response to a negative situation which is insignificant, or at worst, a temporay inconvenience. 2) A response to a negative situation occurs on a regular basis, to the point where it is expected.'

'Oakville':
'Top 30 reasons You know you're from Oakville when... 1. You have drunken stories about drinking in a park2. You think it should be called Jokeville, or Tokeville or Cokeville3. You will hang out til 4am at any place that is open 24 hours: Subway, Coffee Time, Tim Horton's, 7-11, or if nothing's open, pretty much anywhere in Bronte3. Almost all of your friends, at one point or another, have worked at McDonalds, Wendy's or Tim Horton's4. You can find people you went to school with at Sharkeys every Friday, or Big Bucks every Tuesday5. You have to pass at least six Tim Horton's just to get to school6. You never knew Oakville had a city hall7. You constantly get stuck behind old people going 40 km down Lakeshore 8. You've met Donovan Bailey multiple times and you think he's a dickhead9. You think there IS a difference between people depending onwhether they're from Glen Abbey, Iroquois, South East Oakville or Bronte10. No matter how much it sucked, every summer you'd go to the Waterfront Festival11. You ever had your photograph in the Oakville Beaver 12. You remember seeing cheap movies at Encore Cinema off Kerr or the Playhouse on Lakeshore13. You remember when Trafalgar Village Mall actually had stores in it14. You remember when hanging out at Oakville Place was cool15. You have an image for every high school: QE Park - not so bright kids; Blakelock - dirty, dirty Blakelock; Appleby - snob central; OT and Iroquois - since when do schools look like malls?; St. Mildreds – sluts who steal all the good boys; Loyola, St.Thomas - nice fucking uniforms guys!; General Wolfe - dumb asses, White Oaks - who the fuck goes there?16. You hung out at Maple Grove plaza or Oakville Town Center when you were in grade 917. Some of the funnest moments of your life are running from cops after a bush party through the ravines18. 'Downtown' meant Starbucks, White Oak for the greasy spoon goodness, Whats the Scoop for desert or the Kings Arms for beers19. Part of your Christmas ritual involves driving by the house where they filmed "The Santa Clause" with Tim Allen20. You've ever bought pot from a Wendy's/Tim Horton's drive thru21. You're perplexed as to why the Blockbuster Video/Coffee Time parking lot on Trafalgar is such a gino hotspot22. You played hockey at Maple Grove Arena23. You tried to find the Olsen twins in the summer24. The people who live next door to you own either a BMW, a Mercedes or a Lexus (most likely one of each)25. You have “slutted” people from your friend’s car along the Lakeshore26. You have been drunk in Sobeys…. more than once.27. To you the “ghetto” means Kerr Street 28. You used to go to Midnight Madness with your parents, now you go with your friends…drunk.29. You’ve seen someone in grade school carrying a Louis Vuitton purse and the ..1 give away that you're from Oakville... You've used the word 'CHATE' in a sentence '

'October 17':
'NATIONAL SKIP SCHOOL DAY!!'

'Okay':
'A lie that people tell so others are happy.'

'o.o':
'Depending on if there are caps, or where they are/how arranged, here we go on text exotes:1.)o.o : blank stare, as in "You've just lost me" Or "I care about this...Why, again?"2.)O.o ; o.O : Confusion, usually used together.3.)O.O : Suprise, shock.'

'october 16':
'national kiss your crush day !!'

'Oompa Loompa':
'1. A native of Loompaland, usually tending towards attributes of small size, an orange commplexion, and green hair; the first recorded information of them comes to us from Roahld Dahl, the author of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory 2. Someone who has one, or all, of these attributes; used usually as an insult or in a derogatory manner.'

'OCTOBER':
'National Smack Ass Month'

'outside':
'It's uncomfortable and there's this big hot thing in the sky and there are other people that you sometimes have to talk to.'

'October 18th':
'Hang out with your crush dayCatch up with the themKiss themHug themHold hands with them'

'octopus':
'A drummer with a gigantic, gigantic ego. This species is egocentric beyond all non-suspended belief. Nearly bad enough to be institutionalized, but not quite. '

'Olsen Twins':
'The most sought after porn in the world. The modern day perverts holy grail.'

'outcast':
'1.- someone who doesn't belong in his main social area (work, school, the street) Has only a few friends, but usually doesn't really hang out with them.  Someone who is told by his betters that he has wisdom beyond his years, but his peers make fun of him for it.  He's a little insane, after all, humans are social creatures.  But his heart is mature, calm and kind.  He never really does anything big for himself, and most of the things he does are for other people.  He's just misunderstood, and people hate him for no reason.  He's usually the victim of every negative stereotype and rumor.  But hey, he doesn't have a social life, it doesn't matter to him, he hardly has anything to lose. 2.- Me'

'October 24th':
'national throw your shortest best friend day'

'outkast':
'The coolest motherfunkers on the planet'

'oil':
'A hydrocarbon-based, flammable, highly-polluting liquid formed as a result of millions of years of decaying sediment composed of dead microscopic animals.  This fossil fuel is the lifeblood of our Industrial civilization, and for as long as it can be cheaply extracted, we are hopelessly dependent upon it for transportation, agriculture, electricity, fashion, chemicals, fertilizers, cosmetics, plastics, medical, and technological needs. Unfortunately for us, the geologists, analysts, mathematicians, and former oil-company employees have all repeatedly come up with proof that our oil supply will be almost gone by the end of the 21st century, and that oil production will peak within a few years from now, if it hasn't already sone so.  After it peaks the oil will then become more expensive to extract than to use.  And immediately after that, prices will soar, businesses will shut down, people will panic like animals, economies will collapse, wars will break out, blood will soak the ground, and billions of people will die horrible deaths as our species shrinks back to the population of the 1700s, or even that of Medieval times. All because of that cursed, smelly brown muck that was once found oozing from the round.'

'optimus prime':
'Leader of the Autobot wordTransformers/word. He is wise, just, skilled and capable of transforming into a giant red truck and drivin' about. Died in Transformers: The Movie, but came back twice.'

'owl':
'Nocturnal bird of prey with binocular vision, binaural hearing, sharp talons & feathers adapted for silent flight! They range from almost 6" to over 33 1/2". They can turn their heads up to 270 degrees!'

'Orlando':
'kind of guy any girl would want to be with. Fun, Creative, Outgoing, Sincere, and Caring. Super cute, not a player and knows how to treat women. He fights for love and for what he wants. Keeps everything real & is never fake!'

'October 13':
'National Arson DayGo and burn down a fucking building. Do it. Also strength in numbers, so bring friends to burn down City Hall.'

'Overwatch':
'An overall fun game but has the most toxic community known to man'

'Oblivion':
'The fourth game in the Elder Scrolls series, and arguably the best game in the history of mankind.  By purchasing this game, you have sold your soul to Bethesda Softworks--which is a pretty even trade-off, actually.  Once you start this game--assuming your computer/Xbox 360 doesn't burst into flames of righteous fury due to it's lack of uberness-- you will not be seeing the sun for a while. Side effects include: Weight loss, paleness of skin, weight gain, reluctance to leave your chair, death, peeing in a bottle, ordering pizza every night because you can't stop playing long enough to make some food, loss of the ability to distinguish between fantasy and reality'

'Osama':
'The best Hide-and-go-Seek player the World has ever seen.'

'O.J Simpson':
'A Man who can get away with anything'

'Orion':
'Chillest dog I know. A top 10 chillest in my books imho #1 because he's sharp and funny which is unusual for super chill people. Most chill people are just very stoned and hosed up. Not this God among men. Clean as a whistle. Probably the sharpest guy I know. Always right. About everything. He doesnt even FUCKING care that hes as sharp as a tack on crack! I dont know how hes that chill about it. Dude. DOES. NOT. get. phased!Well liked among the guys. Too clean for his own good. Not a hoser. Also maybe this is obvious, its Orion, so very popular with the ladies but also a true gentleman about it. Gets hit on a lot. He doesnt ask for it at all. Its excessive. Women abuse his decency. But hes Orion. He takes it civilly. Treats women like everyone else. Very honest and trustworthy.Amazing ability to keep a clear head too.Huge respect for this dude. Thats my main takeaway. Orion deserves 100% respect. Has the honor of a Samurai. After all, its Orion we're talking about. The word is probably mediterranean for "commands respect". If it actually was I honestly wouldnt be surprised. More people should be this EPIC of a man. Great all around human being.You win at life and you're a total gent about it what can I say more than that? You win Orion. Thats my highest award. You win this life. Maybe in the next one Ill beat you at something. Or maybe not.Id say you even beat God at his own game in this life. Impressive.'

'Organic':
'A grocery term for twice as expensive'

'Octopussy':
'Well known in the Viking mythology, octopuss, originally applied octopussy, came from the act of applying the sea creature to one's genetalia. A viking would apply the octopuss to his dick and let the animal grapple his member with its eight tentacles. He would then pull violently on the octopuss's head, thus recreating a fellatio or vagina-like sensation.'

'OMGWTFBBQ':
'A meaningless acronym which most often stands for "Oh My God What The Fuck Barbeque." It most likely originated on Something Awful (somethingawful.com). It can be interpreted simply as gibberish, or used when one wants to emphasize one's own incoherence, lack of understanding, or to mock others.  It usually has an air of mockery, specifically with regard to teenagers who a lot of use three-letter acronyms.'

'Oppa':
'Oppa is used in Korean culture by a female to a male, who is older than her by the boundary of 10 years. Female's use this title for their older brother, older male friend, or even in a flirtatious way.'

'orgasmic':
'something that makes you feel as good or better than when you have an orgasm...xD'

'OT':
'The abbreviation for overtime which is code word for having sex.  This can be usefull when the boys want to have a conversation in the office without violating HR policies and remain stealthy.'

'omfg':
'Oh my fucking God, more dramatic version of omg'

'Oaf':
'Large idiotic buffoon. Many of them work within banks where they hold down and violently molest their employees'

'October 30':
'national hug someone you love day'

'old school':
'Anything that is from an earlier era and looked upon with high regard or respect.  Can be used to refer to music, clothing, language, or anything really.'

'Oli':
'Oli is a sweet guy and the one of the best people you can ever have in your life, he is chill,kind hearted, funny, cool, really smart, strong, the most handsome one compared to his siblings although they all look alike so they are all beautiful but none can get to Oli's level, Oli is a pro at playing the guitar but to get to the piont Oli is a amazing awesome wonderful person.'

'OB':
'Original Badass'

'orange county':
'One of the safest counties in the country  with atleast three cities that consistently make the yearly top ten of safest cities in America (usually Irvine, Mission Viejo, and Lake Forest). Also, the best Mexican food in California can be found in Santa Ana. And the best Vietnamese food outside of Vietnam can be found in Little Saigon of Westminster. '

'Online School':
'Online school is a form of child torture and is very unnecessary during times like these. The people who are associated with this horrible thing are the dumb asses who like to add 30 assignments and use the excuse "you have more time to do your assignments". This gives a lot of people depression, anxiety, and many more horrible things.'

'on fleek':
'A word used by those intent on decimating the English language, and further depleting the ever dwindling repository of individuals capable of intellectual conversation.For anyone who uses the term 'on fleek' I've added links to the big words to help you out.'

'Ogre':
'A city in Latvia, located on the Daugava river, the city has everything, smokers from the age of 7 and higher, good train station and a few soviet khruschevkas!'

'OOC':
'an acronym for "Out of Character".Frequently used in one of two situations:1. in role-playing, indicating that a person is making a comment, suggestion, etc., that isn't coming from the character but from the person him- or herself.2. in fanfiction, signaling that the way the author chose to portray the characters (or perhaps unintentionally portrayed them) may not be consistent with how the characters act, think, or speak in the original work on which the fanfiction is based.OOC is most often used as an adjective, but can also be used as an adverb or, in less common cases, a verb.'

'owns':
'To be excellent or superior.'

'Otis':
'Usually quiet and mysterious. You never know an Otis until he actually speaks. Cool and chill guy sometimes weird'

'October 14':
'It’s national give your crush a hug day'

'ODer':
'An ODer is short for Online Dater, which means two people are dating in online games, media, etc. without knowing them in real life. ODers are most mentioned in Roblox a lot, and sometimes people even troll ODers while recording, to put it on Youtube. ODers get called out a lot, becuase you actually never know who you date, then the ODer will start running away, ragequit, or get defensive, which the ODer hater will win a lot.'

'October 17th':
'National hug your crush day! Go up to your crush and hug them!'

'One-Hit-Wonder':
'A band or singer that everyone forgets about after their hit song runs its natural course into obscurity, because they can never get back onto the charts again. Most one-hit-wonders are that way because either they can't write their own songs, or their own songs are crap. Crossover songs and artists are sometimes mistaken for One-Hit-Wonders, because listeners outside their genre don't know who they are.  Anyone unfortunate enough to make this mistake is likely to be taken to task by numerous members of the artist's following, because it takes quite a good artist to pull off a crossover hit.'

'Obnoxious':
'(adj) means annoying in a particularly vulgar and cheeky way. To be rude, insulting, and offensive. It is often used to refer to something intentionally oversized or intentionally offensively loud. Bragging is considered obnoxious, as is intentionally disregarding a rule. Showing off your disregard for a rule or order. Being blatantly disrespectful of social norms and those who would enforce them.'

'Oskar':
'Either the funniest&hottest guy you'll ever know- or a total gayish freak. It all depends if it's written with a K or a C.Usually Scandinavian, mostly Swedish'

'oh shit':
'an exclaimation to be said with a very loud voice when you realize you have forgotten to do something very important such as: 1) Your Venn English Homework 2) You left your keys locked inside your car3) You just trip and scrape both of your knees.'

'open-minded':
'1.  Ready to accept on firm evidence that one's most cherished beliefs may be hogwash, but bearing in mind that extraordinary claims demand extraordinary evidence. 2.  Politically correct synonym for "gullible" used by New Age quacks who want to sell you a bill of goods.'

'off':
'The general direction in which you should fuck'

'on jah':
'on jah- simply means on god because jah is a god spotlight uh moonlight uh'

'Orlando Bloom':
'A tool used to bring balance to Hollywood films. Employed in cases where an actor working on the film is deemed to have too much talent, the Orlando Bloom will provide a sufficiently poor performance to ensure that the overall talent in the film remains at an average levels. In extreme cases is used in conjunction with a Keira Knightley for a multiplied effect.'

'olive':
'another way to say you love someone without having to say love. '

'Ope':
'Ope is the Midwestern way of acknowledging another person or thing that they have encountered.'

'October 15':
'October fifteenth is national give a girl your hoodie day'

'Owl City':
'Owl City is consisted of a man named Adam Young and guess what? He's not a one man band. He has percussionists, keyboardists, back up vocals, a violinist, and a cellist. Probably more. He has multiple albums, Ocean Eyes, Maybe I'm dreaming, All Things Bright and Beautiful, and the Midsummer Station. Many accuse him of being "gay" of "faggy" but they do not realize that music is truly about what the artist thinks, not about "getting low and funky and wanting to take a girl's clothes off". Young creates calm, yet feel good music which falls into its own category of Electronic music. All the people who think Owl City is a rippoff of the Postal Service do not realize that the Lady GaGa they adore is a rippoff from Madonna.'

'omb':
'oh my buddha'

'Ozzy Osbourne':
' Known as The Ozzman, or the Blizzard, Ozzy Osbourne as one of the creators of Heavy Metal. In the late 60s him and 3 other guys set out to make a band known as Black Sabbath(also known as the first ever Heavy metal band). Ozzy led them out of England and into much bigger places. In the mid 70s the band kicked out The Ozzman, and he had to go on his own. In 1980 he came out with his first CD, "The Blizzard of Ozz". Ever since then he has hit some high and low spots. At the moment he has a show on MTV. Ozzy Osbourne's songs > most songs.'

'Om':
'Om is a skillfull person and draws up everyone's attention.generally has a very attractive and cute personality.OM refers to peace and positive spirit which controls mental stability and way of performing arts .he has ability to control and understand other person's mood ,and therefore is loved from mostly everyone who surround him.'

'Ocean':
'A boy's name. Referring to the calmness of the ocean. Confident and proud, he is extremely lucky with many things, and he is often laid back. He also has great personality and passion of knowledge. Given with any situation, he can handle anything. He often lives in the mystery, living in the darkness sometimes. People love him as people love the ocean. He might be purely evil like Lucifer inside, but for all we know, he is the nicest guy. But there is always more to him than we might think. Either way, that guy is a bro'

'off the chain':
'Out of control, wild fun. Just like when your pitbull gets off the chain in the back yard and tears through the neighborhood. '

'O-M-J':
'Oh My Jesus! A more dramatic way to say OMG. It should be used sarcastically and dramatically to emphasize whatever situation O-M-J was said to. O-M-J and Oh My Jesus are interchangeable but if you say the complete phrase, don't forget to emphasize Jeeeeeesus!'

'one upper':
'An annoying person who responds to hearing someone else’s experience or problem by immediately telling a similar story about themselves with a much more fantastic (or terrible) outcome.'

'oml':
'OML means oh my lord. Its kinda like the same this as OMG (oh my god)'

'Oats':
'The greatest food of all time.Sometimes people will ask you for your oats but you will not give it to them.'

'Omnisexual':
'Omnisexuality is fairly similar to a person who identify's as pansexual, but a little different. An omnisexual person does identify themselves and other's as a gender, rather than being gender-blind like a pansexual person would. Omnisexual people have an attraction to all gender's, but tend to like one gender more than the rest.'

'Out of pocket':
'to say something too far or someone that acts so goofy that no definition can express'

'ofay':
'Still a mystery as to the origin of the word. It almost certainly isn't Gullah of West African. It almost certainly isn't from "foe" in Pig Latin as that form of "Pig Latin" didn't really start until 1920 and "ofay" was around from at least the 1890s. It usually wasn't used in a derogatory way about whites, but rather just as a matter of fact expression. Quite often used in early Black newspapers in columns written about theatrical performers and that the "ofay" owned the theater in which the Black performers, er uh, performed.'

'OTB...':
'Out This Bitch...On a day the big boss is out of the office...Me: What time you leaving today?Co-worker: Director's not here today. Man, I'm OTB!'

'onlyfans':
'Pornhub if it was managed by Electronic Arts.'

'October 28':
'National cry yourself to sleep day!!!'

'ofc':
'Used in instant messaging to represent 'Of course''

'OPA':
'OPA is a Greek Word that may be used as an ‘Exclamation’, or ‘Utterance’, or ‘Declaration’, or ‘Affirmation’ or a lovingly gentle way of telling you to ‘Stop’ ... depending on the situational context.It is a word or pronouncement of celebration; the celebration of life itself.It is another way of expressing joy and gratitude to God, Life, and others, for bringing us into the state of ultimate wisdom; that all that really matters is health, family, and friends.It is a humorous affirmation that you’re the best; that you’re where you’re supposed to be; and that you need to stop and celebrate. … It is the Greeks’ way of stating they have come to a level of serene exuberance able to enjoy life as children. … In a state where having been fed, and having quenched our thirst, and having enjoyed the pleasure of uniting with others, we have filled with hope and confidence that life abounds with all that we need, … and that food will always be there, … and so, we break the plates, … because tomorrow there will be more. … And we light a fire and dance around it as a symbol of the warmth that surrounds us. … and …<br><br>We break the plates as a way of saying thank you to those that helped us reach a state of celebrating our life, … as a way of saying thank you to the music that brought peace to the world, … and we break them to honor the one that’s dancing, as we kneel in front of them and look up to them exclaiming : Oooopa !!!  …And we throw the napkins in the air as a reminder that we are as free as the birds; ‘sky is the limit’ … so ‘Let go, Be Greek,  Fear nothing and join in the celebration’. It is a way of saying “don’t worry” … no matter what has happened you are still alive, … “don’t be harsh on yourself,” there’s another minute and another day ahead of you to right what’s wrong, … and we are here together to make sure of this. … So, as an example when someone accidentally drops and breaks something, no matter how valuable, we yell: Oooooopa !!!  … kind of “It’s ok,” … everything can be mended if your mind is healthy and still open to music, dance, mezedes, and wine !!  '

'Penis':
'An underdeveloped third leg between your two fully developed legs that only males have'

'Paris Hilton':
'1. A hotel in paris where the doors are always open.2. A girl who's father owns the hotel. The girls doors are also always open.3. A synonym for Kansas: Flat, White, and easy to get into. (cite, uncyclopedia, article, paris hilton).'

'preps':
'The wealthy class of teens often cruelly capitalizes on their superior access to money and social power which builds animosity within the less privileged classes.  The wealthy class develop among themselves a system of dress and demeanor that is very much akin to their fraternity and sorority counterpart which eventually matures into the business and country club community of adults.  Preppiness, in such a way, is really the earliest exhibition of the wealthy attempting to subvert and dominate the poor that the average American experiences while growing up.'

'Pussy':
'Something men babies spend 9 months getting out of - and the rest of their lives trying to get back into ...'

'Perfect.':
'Amazing, flawless, a role model'

'Porn':
'Alright mate, I know your probably at school, all the good sites have been blocked, I've been there myself, but resorting to searching for it on here really does indicate that you need to get laid. Quick.'

'poser':
'To pose: To pretend, to be somebody you're not, to be part of a culture or genre just to fit in.'

'poop':
'Well all these here definitions are pretty accurate but there's one other that I hadn't seen on here.CLIFF BAR poop: This rather unpleasant form of poop occurs only when you eat a whole chunky peanut butter cliff bar without washing it down with any water. First it will sit in your stomach like a brick for several days, until finally, you stomach's hydrochloric acids have corroded it enough to where it can painfully squeeze through your intestines. After it has spent several more days stuck in your large intestine, fermenting, and causing blockage, it will finally have to be expelled. The crap itself has undigested peanut lumps, and partially corroded peanut butter, whose sharp, rough edges eat away at the soft tissue that is your butthole. After the bar is fully pushed away, the crap that has been blocked for days (which has also fermented) all spills out like minestrone soup. The overall odor is so intoxicating that it often corrodes nasal passages, fogs up the house, and causes the wallpaper in the bathroom to begin peeling off. You will need heavy air freshener and disinfectants to cure the smell.So drink water if you eat a Cliff Bar.'

'Period':
'The feeling of a samurai sword cutting into lower abdomen and twisting around into lower spine, constipation and stones smashing brain. Craving chocolate and blankets, due to fever and hormonal imbalances.'

'punk':
'Punk is not about a certain hair colour, style, or music, although music does take a large part in most punks lives. Punk is about liking what you like, being yourself, saying what you think and FUCK ALL THE REST. You don't need a two foot high red mohawk to be a punk, although that is wicked cool. You don't need sleeves, a backpiece, or any tattoos at all to be punk. You don't need a Misfits, Casualties, Sex Pistols or any band like that jacket to be punk. You don't need anything to be punk except for awareness, self respect, respect for others and an open mind.  PUNK IS NOT DEAD.'

'Patrick':
'The most amazing guy you'll ever meet. He's so sweet and caring and very attractive. He can always make a bad day so much better. He'll always tell you how much he loves you. He's the kind of guy you wouldn't mind spending your life with. If you're dating a Patrick, never let him go. He's always there for you no matter what. Patrick can always tell when something's wrong and he can make it better. He's your soulmate. Patrick will love you like no one else can. He's really the most amazing guy you will ever meet.'

'Paige':
'Paige is so kind it hurts. She is generous, loving, beautiful, and also delicate. Others want to be Paige for so many reasons. But, the flawless happieness they see on the outside, is not everything she truly is. On the inside she takes everything to heart. Her constant need to please everyone around her pulls her in so many directions. She is loyal and forgiving. Her biggest weakness is being easily distracted, even overworking herself. Paige always wants to be better, and those around her would love to be just like her too.'

'potato':
'it is the meaning of life'

'Player':
'Usually a boy who makes you feel special. He makes you feel like you are the only girl in his life, when really you are just one in 100.They flirt with other people, not just you. They talk to you all day, then the next day they ignore you. They send you mixed messages, and your not sure whether he likes you or not?You can't keep your mind off him, even though you know your nothing to him.'

'Pops':
'A father an informal term for a father ( ;'

'pansexual':
'Why is every one so fucking hot'

'pimp':
'The lord of the Hookers'

'Perfection':
'The person reading this.'

'PETA':
'An organization that tells others to go vegan.These pieces of shit don't like it when animals are hurt in any way, but they have killed more than 10000 pets, claiming they were "sick", but they were perfectly healthy.'

'PMS':
'A powerful spell that women are put under about once every month, which gives them the strength of an ox, the stability of a Window's OS, and the scream of a banshee. Basically, man's worst nightmare.'

'pussywhipped':
'when a man loses his testicles to his woman. All men who wish to have any form of relationship (or just get laid) must be pussywhipped to a certain degree. The minor offenders are never called pussywhipped, only the men who allow their woman to walk all over them and totally control every aspect of their life (even if the woman is not in the smae state at the time).'

'Pokemon':
'Something that you've pretended not to like since you turned 11, yet can't deny how sick it would be if they really existed.'

'P.I.G.':
'H-O-R-S-E like game that is played on the avetard minihoop in which Norman "Nick" takes a lot of L's. Usually played after using the dab rig.'

'Preppies':
'Preppies are people who go to prepatory highschools (Groton, Hotchkiss, Philips Exeter, Philips Andover, Deerfield, Laurence, etc.).  Most of them shop at J. Crew, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, L.L. Bean, Ralph Lauren and all designer stores.  Preppies are often mistaken for kids who shop at Abercrombie & Fitch, American Eagle Outfiters, Rave, etc.  Those who think "preppies" are girls who shop at those stores are VERY wrong. '

'PewDiePie':
'A minecraft youtuber.'

'Peter':
'A Peter is a man who is the sweetest,kindest man but might not believe it. A Peter believes he has no feelings for anyone when really deep down inside he knows he does. peters might start off on the wrong path but they will eventually make a difference in the world. Peters will use their heart to change people's lives for the better. if you know or have a Peter don't you dare ever let him go. And if you lose him do everything in your power to fight for him and get him back. Never give up. Never let him go because he will be the best thing that will ever happen to you<3'

'Paul':
'Similar to the urban legend of Bigfoot, Paul is a mysterious and beautiful seagull that roams around the earth without a care in the world.'

'Parents':
'The people who walk inside your room and make you lose in a video game because they want you to clean up their shit'

'pie':
'Another word for being soft or pussy. Used in Florida, and some parts of Mississippi, Alabama and Georgia.'

'Pineapple':
'Spongebob's house'

'Pizza':
'The most amazing Italian food ever in history'

'peace':
'1. An acknowledgment of parting, ending a phone call or e-mail, similar to goodbye. Often used with "out."2. A greeting, similar to hello.3. An expression of non-violent wishes or intention.4. Term used to describe sections of anti-war movement.5. Noun. Used to describe the presence of The absence of violence, disruption, or disturbance.'

'Panic! At the Disco':
'Formed in Las Vegas, Nevada by members Ryan Ross, Spencer Smith, Brendon Urie, and Brent Wilson, P!atd is commonly refered to as a "pop-punk" and/or " punk-rock" band. Brent Wilson, former basist, who was in the band for a very short time, left and was replaced by Jon Walker. Later in 2009, Ryan Ross (guitarist) and Jon Walker (basist) left due to creative differences and formed The Young Veins. Two albums were made with Ross and Walker; A Fever You Can't Sweat Out, and Pretty. Odd. The two albums are widely different from each other. After Ross and Walker left, vocalist Brendon Urie, and drummer Spencer Smith, created the album Vices and Virtues. Many people stereotype them to be "listened to by 13 year olds who don't know what real music is, and"emo kids." Recently, Panic!'s song "Ready To Go" has been feautured in TV commercials, causing the band to become more mainstream. Although you don't have to listen to them since the beginning when they were originally formed, it would help if you know other songs then just the ones that play on the radio and TV.'

'Politics':
'The art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly,and applying the wrong remedies'

'Pedophile':
'An adult human who is sexually attracted to pre-pubescent children.'

'poo':
'the best word in the english language and should have it's own page in the dictionary.'

'Preston':
'The most amazing man you will ever meet. He is kind, funny, handsome, smart, caring. He values his friends and family over everything and would do just about anything for them. He can be goofy at times but he also knows when to be serious. Preston has gorgeous blue eyes, perfect lips for kissing, and the cutest dimples in his cheeks when he smiles. He also gives the best hugs and is a great cuddle buddy. When your with Preston you won’t wanna leave and if your away from him for more than one second your heart will ache for him. His big heart and outgoing personality makes him easy to fall for. If you find a Preston, don’t ever let him go..'

'PHAT':
'An abbreviation that = (P)retty (H)ot (A)nd (T)hickDespite the previous definitions, this is the modern definition for the abbreviation! Used to describe a beautiful girl.'

'Phoebe':
'A stunning girl with lots of personality. She's a girl who you can laugh with or a girl you can laugh at. She's gorgeous and can make anyone laugh. Unique, outgoing and fearless. Agrees to all the dares given to her. She's artistic, talkative and talented. If you ever meet a Phoebe, stay with her. She's amazing'

'Parker':
'Parker: Parker is cool, funny, athletic, and has a great personality! He is normally a very cute guy, and cares about another person's feelings. Since Parker is an athletic kind of guy, he often plays sports like football, soccer or maybe even basketball or baseball. He makes a great boyfriend and cares about his and only his girl! Don't mess with him or his girl! Parker's normally date girls of the opposite hair/eye color finding them more attractive! Most Parkers even date girls with specific names like Emily, Jessica, Madison, Sarah etc. Parker's also love to hang with their best guy friends and need some guy time every so often!'

'Prostitot':
'An obviously underage girl who dresses like a whore...'

'Politicians':
'1) The REAL, most dangerous gang in the United States. Will do anything to get anything, regardless if they're unsure if they really even want it, so long as they anticipate some sort of prestigious accolade, or better yet, money, as a result.-2) Magicians. Take exceedingly increasing amounts of money from citizens annually and not only make it disappear, but manage to create black holes and fluctuations in the entire space-time continuum with it (see national debt clock).'

'Police':
'The people you run from.'

'Pancake':
'A very flat butt. Basically just a nonexistent one.'

'pwn':
'PWN (verb) 1. An act of dominating an opponent. 2. Great, ingenious; applied to methods and objects. Originally dates back to the days of WarCraft, when a map designer mispelled "Own" as "Pwn".  What was originally supose to be "player has been owned." was "player has been pwned". Pwn eventually grew from there and is now used throughout the online world, especially in online games.'

'panda':
'a slang term for a police cruiser, originating from the term "black and white"'

'pot head':
'The person who just read all these definitions and laughed at every one.'

'Paris':
'The most beautiful girl you will ever meet.She has a huge heart and is a people person.But if you get on her nerves she'll become a savage.Don't underestimate her she'll beat your ass'

'Princess':
'A Classy, sweet, girl who will cut anyone that comes at her the wrong way. Shes always respected by many and isnt shy when she has to do something big. Admired by many, but is too good of a girl for anyone anyway, shes a graceful princess.'

'people':
'If you don't know what they are I  suggest you get out more.'

'po po':
'the cops, the police'

'pwned':
'A corruption of the word "Owned."  This originated in an online game called Warcraft, where a map designer misspelled "owned."  When the computer beat a player, it was supposed to say, so-and-so "has been owned." Instead, it said, so-and-so "has been pwned." It basically means "to own" or to be dominated by an opponent or situation, especially by some god-like or computer-like force.'

'Punk Rock':
'Not giving a fuck about what is cool or not cool, what is punk rock or not punk rock, or what is acceptable or what isn't. Plain and simple: Punk is a state of mind. If you think you're a punk then you are. Who gives a fuck.'

'Penguin':
'When two or more people try and stand as close together as possible with both hands in their pockets to avoid cold weather and strong winds.This form of behavior is inspired by the Emperor Penguins, who form a big huddle (also known as the turtle formation) to avoid the extreme cold.The participants will push themselves closer and closer to the group’s shifting center to keep warm.'

'Palin':
'1. An applicant lacking even basic job skills 2. Someone supremely un-self-aware or lacking any relative sense of what he/she does or doesn't know.'

'prick':
'Worse than a douche and jerk combined. A guy who thinks they know everything but in reality they're stupid hypocrates. A guy who loves to cause drama then acts like nothings wrong. most likely a guy named cliff.'

'porch monkey':
'someone without a job that sits on their porch all day drink'n 40's, and trading food stamps for crack.'

'procrastination':
'Ill put up a definition later.'

'persian':
'The Persian Empire expanded from Africa to China and also to India, until Alexander the Great came along. Persians have a long and eventful history. The Shah of Persia, in the 1930s, changed the name of the country back to its original name, "Iran".  Iran means "the land of the Aryans". So Hitler and all his little Nazi friends were quite awfully wrong in calling themselves Aryans. The closest people of Aryan decent are Iranians and Afghanis and they certainly do not have blue eyes, blond hair and white skin. As a result of mass integration of various cultures from around the Middle East area, Iranians nowadays are multiracial, but they still take great pride in their country. Persia was a very rich country, and to some extent, it still is. But the majority of people in Iran are of lower class. However, most Iranians are hard-working and very motivated people. When they immigrate to other countries, a lot of them lead a good lifestyle because they work hard to earn a high status in society. Persians do not settle for anything but first place. '

'Pink Floyd':
'Damn right.'

'Poes':
'Poes, 'noun' (pronounced pŏŏs, poo-s, or p-uss) is a South African slang term used most commonly in the Western Cape region. It's place of origin has not yet been recorded. Meaning cunt or pussy, it is typically considered a foul word as it is often used to refer to or describe something with great disgust. It can be used as to refer to something or someone in an impolite manner. It's most common usage is in reference to someone else's mother.'

'Pepsi':
'The main substitute for coke... both spend tens of millions of dollars on advertising a year and the effect is... '

'PSP':
'1. PlayStation Portable: Sony's Handheld PlayStatio-*battery dies*'

'Pain':
'What happens when you step on a Lego brick'

'Puppy':
'Adorable 4 legged furry creature that will cure your loneliness and all of life's problems.'

'Perverts':
'90% of people on urbandictionary. Don't believe me. Look up something nonsexual and I guarantee you that you'll find at least 1 or 2 definitions making it sexual.'

'political correctness':
'A sign of mental illness common among paranoid twits. A guilt complex embraced by liberals to show their shallowness.'

'pikachu':
'Something that cops should yell when tazing someone'

'Phoenix':
'Is beautiful / handsome but yet a shy person who can be trusted with anything, they'll never let you down and they'll always be there for you. Phoenix is the type of person everyone wants to be friends with. Phoenix is the coolest person you'll ever meet and they know how to make anyone smile. Phoenix has such an amazing personality.'

'philadelphia':
'Philadelphia isn't just a city that lies between the shadows of New York and Washington, it is a city where the Eagles are the topic of dinner conversation year round. It is where a meal consists of a cheesesteak,  Natty light,  soft pretzels, and Tasty Kakes for dessert. It is where there is a Wawa on every corner, and you look forward to the 1st day of Spring when Rita's gives out free "wooder" ice.  It is where you know it's a hoagie, not a sub and the shore, not the beach. Most importantly, where everyone is brothers and it is ok to say hello to someone you don't know if they are a birds fan. That is Philadelphia, the city of Brotherly Love... Outsiders will never understand'

'pop music':
'The sound a dying mongoose makes from its anus as it dies'

'pot':
'A term for mariujana of any sort.'

'popular':
'A group of teenagers in high school that for some reason are mysteriously known as the most important kids in the school, usually without the rest of the student bodies knowledge as to how and when this even happened. Was there some kind of secret meeting that everyone held? Was there a note passed around the entire school? No one's sure. The only thing everyone does know is that somehow these kids are the chosen ones, and now we all have to go with it. While it all is a bit of a mystery, there usually are defining characteristics of all these chosen ones. It depends on the school, but more often than not the ''popular'' kids are either rich, good looking, involved heavily in school and especially in the athletics department, funny, snobby, uninterested in the ''non chosen ones'' (or mean to them), or a combination of any of the above. The popular girls are usually either on the cheerleading or dance team, or possibly excell in athletics such as track or basketball. Popular guys are most often jocks on the football and basketball teams. The average popular kid can be smart or dumb, a partier or not. In actuality the majority of them do party, but for some reason the girls are usually less open about it. This usually has to do with keeping their status squeaky clean. This isn't usually the case for the guys, as many of the popular guys boast about drinking 5 beers and playing 2 rounds of beer pong in some kids basement and having the craziest weekend ever. However, this isn't always the case as sometimes there is another, more hard core group of partiers at the high school that is also popular as well and known for getting fucked up often. The popular kids often don't work as their mommy and daddy often throw handfuls of cash at them so they can be seen looking fly at friday night's game. They often drive expensive cars their parents bought them, and fly through the neighborhoods blasting rap even though they live in suburbia. '

'pc':
'politically correct'

'prom':
'A very overrated school function that is basically a money maker for the school.Usually the ones that go to prom are1. Steady couples2. The popular girls dating the popular guys 3. Horny creepy looking guys looking to get laid4. A few, not too many, random couples that just want to go5. A few people that just can't get a date but still go just to "say you been there." Usually are a little chubby, gay, or socially inept.When you get there, you eat food in the weirdest combinations like lasagna and mashed potatoes and dance to stuff that you hear on Top 40 at Wal Mart or something off the local urban station.'

'PP':
'A BODY PART THAT GET HELLA HARD'

'planking':
'Proof that humanity has sunk to its lowest point in history thus far. It is the act of lying completely flat across pretty much anything in an urban setting. A friend will take pictures of the act and, of course, post them on Facebook or Twitter. Much favored by hipsters, douchebags, and the like. This trend is currently sweeping the internet, reason: unknown.Proof that literally ANYTHING can catch on if enough idiots think it is "cool".'

'Peyton':
'A very Beatiful Girl with an Outstanding Personality. She is Very Helpful & Smart. She really cares about others. She has a bad temper , so dont test her or push her buttons. Shes very athletic and loves to try new things. Shes shy at first , but once you get to know her , she starts to get really crazy and comfortable around you. If she really loves you and cares about you , and you treat her well , she will get very attached to you and will attempt to build a very strong relationship with you. Please dont push her away , you'll regret it. She doesnt tolerate rudeness and will not kiss anyones ass. She might keep her mouth shut most of the time to not start anything. Peytons do that alot. If you have anything judgmental to say , she really wont care and will ignore anything you have to say. Peyton are very Sensitive, they love crying for no reason at all , so that is why , if you were wondering , is the reason they watch sad movies all the time. Peyton are usually scared of the dark , and believe in ghosts or spirits , but will continue to watch a scary movie anyway. Peytons usually come in small/slim sizes with lil booties. Long story short , Peytons are awesome.'

'Piper':
'A sweet caring girl, that falls in love for someone to soon and doesn't like being ignored and rejected by people she thought were her friends. And blames herself for everything but still love herself in every way.'

'P Diddy':
'Someone who can't decide what his name is.'

'peng':
'A very positive word used casualy to show how attracted etc you are to something/someone'

'Pirate':
'The most badass category of humans to ever walk the face of the earth. Pirates don't give a fat shit about anything, don't listen to any type of authority, get shit faced 24/7 off rum, and spend their lives kicking ass and sailing around on a giant ass ship. Instead of just executing traitors like a sensible human, pirates used to tie them to their mobile ass kicking platform (ship) and throw them overboard to drag them around the ocean where they would slap against the side of the ship and get fucked up by all the barnacles on the side. Is that not the most savage thing you've ever heard?Numerous studies by credible scientific journals have also came to a net conclusion in the past years that if you don't think pirates are the coolest you're probably a huge pussy."Wow urban dictionary poster, Pirates sound fucking cool. It sucks they only existed in the 18th century."My friend. Anybody can become a pirate if they just believe. That and if they exhibit fine pirate traits such as not giving a dogs ass about anything, taking whatever they want whenever they want, and exclaiming badass phrases like "AARRR" when about to do something reckless like punching your boss in the face or going on to the Disney channel website without your parents permission. Notable modern pirates include Chris Pontius, Stephen Colbert, Sid from toy story, and of course the father of the modern pirate, Bill Clinton."Pirate" can also be used as an adjective. See below for examples.'

'Peach':
'An emoji incorrectly used by Millennial twats to represent an ass. It actually represents the pussy and was made relevant by Castor Troy in Face/Off who represented it as the simile to the labia, the groove of the fruit being the space between the labial lips.'

'POS':
'Piece of Shit'

'Payton':
'Most beautiful girl you could ever meet. She has a bright personality and an adorable face. Payton's can be super clumsy but in a good way. Payton's make the best friends and have been known to keep secrets well. Payton's also have many secrets and can be quite mysterious. They might her but many boys like her.'

'prostitute':
'1. (n.) One who will perform sexual acts if payment can be arranged. (Payment does not have to be moeny.)'

'pop-punk':
'the biggest oxymoron of the 21st century'

'Poptart':
'Some one of simple nature that does not have the basic instincts to navigate themselves through life.'

'pants':
'(a) Noun.  American, also used in some British dialects.  Trousers, a bifurcated outer garment covering the body and each leg from waist to ankle.  Until the late 20th century traditionally a male garment. (b) Noun.  British.  Underpants. (c) Verb.  American.  To pull down someone's pants (trousers).  Can be done to either males or females by either males or females.  See also depants  (d) Verb.  American.  To overpower someone and remove his trousers by force as a humiliation.  Equivalent to the British debag.  Usually only done to males as removal of the pants, the traditional male garment, is a symbolic emasculation.  Pantsing in this sense may be used as an initiation rite, a punishment, or just done for fun.  See also depants (e) Verb.  American.  Strip someone naked. (f) Verb.  American.  Inflict a crushing defeat on someone. (g)  Verb.  American.  To inflict crushing criticism on someone. (h)  Adjective.  British.  Rubbish'

'Plug':
'A person who has everything u need'

'Pedro':
'A guy with a huge dick, but refuses to admit it'

'peeps':
'short for people friends, close pals'

'Pom':
'Used to describe an immigrant, usually from the United Kingdom. From the word Pomegranate which was rhyming slang for Immigrant (C1920s). This evolved to pommy and pom by the 1950s'

'Poot':
'Poot. Poot is Demi's twin sister who has been locked in a basement her entire life and just now came out, stealing Demi's fame. She is now a very popular meme.'

'party':
'Something I never get invited to.  '

'Precious':
'Somone who is very uniqe and sweet, she is someone you can trust, shes is someone you can count on when you arent feeling your best. She is someone who is always smiling and laughing, so when you are around her there's never a dull moment. She has many goals and dreams so stick by her and help her succeed... SO BELIEVE IN HER! She is someone who wont give up on you so dont give up on her. When you know a Precious dont let go of her because once you see you have you wont find another one like her.'

'Petty':
'Petty is when you make a fucking big deal over small shit.'

'pickle':
'a sexy noice flavored sweet or sour green hotdog lookin thingexept its a cucumber'

'Pornhub':
'A website that has a way friendlier comment section than Youtube does'

'Peppa Pig':
'Peppa Pig is a cartoon character who is a pig and lives in a family. Somehow, when her father snorts, he creates a 7.5 on the Richter scale, and her brother is almost the equivalent of calliou but not as annoying and bratty. Peppa's freinds don't seem to show any liking towards her, and will probably betray her in high school (if she ever grows up).'

'Pog':
'A word used to indicate excitement or an epic moment. Comes from Pogchamp.'

'pseudo-intellectual':
'a person who spends more time trying to look intelligent than actually being intelligent.'

'Pee Pee':
'The pee pee is a beautiful aspect of the universe that has incredible, unrecognized talent. There are many misconceptions that the pee pee is simply a stick that only serves the purpose of deposing of liquid waste within the body, when in reality, it is so much more. It conveys a very beautiful message that is beyond human understanding. Something that is yet to be discovered by man. It has been loosly predicted that in at least 200,000 years, after humans have further evolved that we will finally understand the true meaning behind this majestic piece of evolutionary art we call "the pee pee. "'

'Pete Wentz':
'pete wentz is an emo legend. his eyeliner could literally kill a man. he was born on June 5, 1979, the emo chistmas.'

'pac-man':
'A yellow pizza missing one slice.  He apparently has no eyes, lives in the 2nd dimension, has a wife that wears lipstick and a bow, and has a child that wears a beanie.  He eats pellets and runs from ghosts.  On lucky days, he eats pellets that enable him to devour those same ghosts.  Occasionally, he eats fruits...or pretzels.'

'Purple':
'The last color of the rainbow; purple means trust and love for a long time.'

'poseur':
'Yes kids, that is how you spell poseur. No, I'm not trying to spell it some "fancy french way." Don't believe me? Let's go take a look at handy old Webster's:  Main Entry: po·seurPronunciation: pO-'z&rFunction: nounEtymology: FrenchDate: 1872: a person who pretends to be what he or she is not : an affected or insincere person '

'Patricia':
'A Patricia is someone who: is noble (obviously), strong, artistic, deep, philosopher, tea lover, anthem lover, milk disliker, exquisite, beautiful, smart, gifted, the best mother in the world (BMW), milk disliker, has a piercing gaze, an aspiring neurosurgeon/astronomer and persuasive (through torturing people Lol). Someone who has biology, maths, drawing, painting, bridges, climbing/hiking, heights, walking, travelling, tea, leaning, simplicity, literature, boomerangs, sunsets, dolphins, getting kidnapped and aliens as interests.She oftentimes underestimates her true alien power and would need someone to cast light on her inner beauty. She also has gorgeous eyes just like her soul, heart and mind.She is "awesome" and very loved. 14-12-20'

'poke':
'What my mom tells me not to be doing to any girls at the age of 15.'

'Poof':
'A homosexual, the poor man's term for homosexual. A word made famous and most commonly associated with Monty Python.'

'Poppy':
'A girl who has a very bubbly personality and is very talkative. Sometimes she can be a bit loud, and is really random. However, she is very loyal and kind to everyone.'

'patriot':
'A real patriot is someone who loves their country enough to speak up when they see something that needs to be changed; not someone who blindly assumes that their government knows best and is always right no matter what. '

'Phillip':
'Phillip is an amazing person, boyfriend and best friend. He has strong morals and is very intelligent. He is very empathetic and he never fails to try to make things better for those he cares for. He learns from his mistakes and improves for the future. He is incredibly understanding, patient and most of all forgiving. Phill is very physically fit and makes all the ladies heads turn, although he is always faithful. His hair grows long and frames his symmetrical face where his stunning eyes shine. His eyes are so true, you can look straight into him and see his soul, you can see any worry, feel pain he feels and see them shape as he smiles. Phillip is a great kisser! He always tries to please his partner, especially in bed. He is very careful with his words, understanding that you can't take them back. He is straight to the point and isn't afraid to speak his mind and although it has made some dislike him for being so honest, he holds his head high and walks with confidence and assurance. Phill has a great sense of humor and likes making people laugh, he is the heart of the party and is always trying to get one going! Phillip has a heart of gold and any woman to be called his is extremely lucky. It is hard to find a man more loyal, honest, trustworthy, funny, and just amazing as he. Not to mention he is crazy sexy. Phillip is a beautiful soul that has the power to inspire and change lives around him.'

'Pyrocynical':
'a 19 year old who regrets making mlg montages like "shrek has swag" and "mlg teletubies"'

'pigeon':
'Synonymous with peasant. A pigeon is a label used to describe a male in which a female does not, and will never, take seriously. A pigeon, just like a peasant, is automatically disqualified & forgotten about the moment they're classified as a pigeon.'

'Pennsylvania':
'Better than your state.  Sure, the roads suck, but not as bad as parts of Kentucky. Sure, the people can be dumb, but not as dumb as in Alabama.  Sure, the weather sucks, but not as badly as it does in Alaska.  Yeah, okay, it's a little rural, and you have to buy your liquor in state stores, and there's no beaches, but at least we're not West Virginia.  Or Iowa.   Plus, the Amish are cool, we make ketchup and chocolate, the Steelers used to be a decent team, and hey! we've got a town called Intercourse.'

'plastic':
'A materialistic, fake man or woman. In particular, someone who is attractive yet lacks any sort of depth whatsoever.'

'pook':
'originated in vancouver, the word pook generally describes a junkie or someone addicted to drugs. other common relating words:feck up'

'Pank':
'the act of pleasuring yourself whilst excreting.'

'pedosexual':
'not real, make believe, bullshit.just pedophilia.'

'Poon Tang':
'That sweet wet hole we all crave, can't go for too long with out, center of our life's desire, what gives woman the upper hand in almost every situation - PUSSY! (Gotta have it!)'

'piece':
'1. A Gun, knife, or other weapon.2. Anything used for the smoking of various drugs, most commonly marijuana, most commonly a pipe.3. A graffiti mural.4. A place.5. Short - piece of shit.6. Generic - anything.'

'Phil':
'Ray of sunshine. Too pure for this world. Somehow adorable and sexy at the same time.'

'PPAP':
'Stands for Pen Pineapple Apple Pen. A viral video featuring a man wearing strange yellow clothing, dancing to a sick beat, all the while singing nonsensical lyrics about combining pens, apples, and pineapples together.'

'pi':
'Pi is an irrational number (meaning the digits never end or have a repeating pattern) that is the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter...this ratio is a constant for any circle, regardless of size.'

'phd':
'Pretty Huge Dick'

'Peasant':
'A peasant originally a term used to describe an agricultural laborer, usually those living in Medieval Europe under feudalism. Peasants were predominant in the European interior, in contrast to Roman & Semitic societies, where slaves were more common & generally held a better living standard than peasants.The main difference between a Slave and Peasant is FreedomA peasant is given Freedom to:- Pay Taxes to the governing Elites- Be responsible for his living expenses (pay rent, buy food)- Die in wars when the Elites of his nation are involved in a conflict- Respect the borders drawn by the agreement of the world governing Elites- Be proud of his flag, language, religion, culture & superiority to other peasants'

'philosophy':
'Contrary to some of the vacuous bullshit you'll find on this page, philosophy is a noble, no, possibly THE most noble academic discipline one can study. Sans repeating what our friend correctly said about the five major fields, I will say this: We live and die for philosophy. Even if we don't realize it, nearly everything we believe is predicated on someone's philosophical investigations. To debase the mother of all sciences as a "waste of the taxpayer's money" is to admit barefaced ignorance. Oh yeah, and philosophy majors score higher than any other majors on the graduate exam; mathematics students come in second. Maybe they're doing something right. PS. I'm not a philosophy major.'

'PS3':
'Sony's newest system. The PlayStation 3, will use Blu-Ray discs as its media format. The discs can hold up to six times as much data as current-generation DVDs. It will also support CR-ROM, CD-RW, DVD, DVD-ROM, DVD-R, DVD+R formats. It also confirmed the machine would be backward-compatible all the way to the original PlayStation. It will also have slots for Memory Stick Duo, a SD slot, and a compact flash memory slot. It will also sport a slot for a detachable 2.5 inch HDD somewhat similar the Xbox 360's. Out of the box, the PS3 will have the capability to support seven Bluetooth controllers. It will also have six USB slots for peripherals--four up front and two in the back. Sony also laid out the technical specs of the device. The PlayStation 3 will feature the much-vaunted Cell processor, which will run at 3.2 Ghz, giving the whole system 2.18 teraflops of overall performance. It will sport 256mb XDR main RAM at 3.2 Ghz, and have 256MB of GDDR VRAM at 700mhz. Sony also unveiled the PS3's graphics chip, the RSX "Reality Synthesizer based on Nvidia technology. The GPU will be capable of 128bit pixel precision, 1080p resolution, some of the highest HD resolution around. The RSX also has 512mb of graphics render memory and is capable of 100 billion shader operations and 51 billion dot products per second. It also has over 300 million transistors, larger than any processor available commercially today. It will be manufactured using the 90nm process with 8 layers of metal. The RSX is more powerful than two GeForce 6800 Ultra video cards, which would cost roughly $1000 total if bought today. To show off the PlayStation 3's graphical brawn, Sony showed several game demos, including an Unreal 3 tech demo of what appeared to be Unreal Tournament 2007. In what must come as a relief to developers, Epic Games' Tim Sweeney was on hand to vouch for the PS3, saying it was "easy to program for" and that Epic had received its first PS3 hardware two months ago. He proved the tech demo was real time by showing it again and manipulating the camera and zooming in. The PlayStation 3 will also sport some hefty multimedia features, such as video chat, internet access, digital photo viewing, digital audio and video'

'playstation 3':
'The most expensive fucking console to grace the world yet.'

'Pregnant':
'The hardest word for the people on yahoo answers to spell, other than Ouija.Seriously, It's not that hard!!!'

'Paul McCartney':
'Paul McCartney is probably one of the greatest legends of music of all time. He was (obviously) the bass player, pianist, and occasional singer for the beatles and the leading man of the Wings. He was referred to as "the cute Beatle" because of his amazingly good looks. Even though he is around 72 years old now, He still manages to pull off one of the greatest performances I have ever seen a musician play.'

'psycho':
'ultimately my mother'

'prude':
'One who is reluctant in engaging in any sexual activities.  '

'poon':
'1)A female's genital organ (vagina) 2)A slang term for wimp, often used by teenage males who want to boost their masculinity'

'pee':
'the second best word in the english language and should also have it's own page in the dictionary.'

'pipe':
'its similar to the saying;"i'd tap that" '

'Poland':
'The first country to defeat the Soviet Union in war. The country that defeated the Teutonic knights, ending German supremacy for hundreds of years. The occupied nation with the largest Nazi resistance movement in World War II. The first Eastern Bloc country to break free of communism. The second country in the world with a written constitution (after the U.S.), and the first in Europe. Not to mention their rather extremely beautiful women.'

'Pookie':
'A baby penguin, which also doubles to mean a crack pipe.'

'PIP':
'Performance Improvement Plan. A document given to an employee within a company to set up paperwork to legally fire the employee and protect the company against potential lawsuits under the guise of improving performance. By the time this document is given, management has almost definitely decided to terminate the employee. Used as a slang to indicate someone is being/was fired.'

'qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm':
'A phenomena that happens to a computer's keyboard when a human being is bored to death...'

'Queef':
'a little bit of air that gets caught in a woman`s vagina sometimes it happens after you have intercourse it can also happen if you just have a god damn vagina and it is not something to be embarrasd about because even if your a girl and a virgin it can happen to you to it sometimes happens when you walk because of the space inbetween your legs'

'Queen':
'A band that is the very epitomy of kick-ass. They stormed the charts with Bohemian Rhapsody in the 70's (the version on the Greatest album is 5'58'')this includes rock, ballad and choral music - something not achieved by many people. They shamelessly wrote about the brilliance of gurls with fat asses *cheers to self tht someone appreciates us!* (fat bottomed girls)"Save me" is an anthem for the heartbroken, its a beautiful song. "Who wants to live forever" was written in the back of a car on the way home from hospital when freddie mercury discovered he had AIDs. The lyrics usually mean something if you listen to them deeply enough. And c'mon. If you're still not convinced they rock, when 15 year olds still listen to we will rock you about ten years after the lead singer died - its gotta be a pretty fantastic achievement.'

'Quinn':
'The hottest piece of man-meat ever to exist. An intellect sharp as a knife, and a wit to match. Quinn's generally are always right, which bothers people, but Quinn then gently explains why it's okay that he's right, which calms them down. Women are naturally attracted to Quinn's, mainly because of their swimmer bodies, which consist of rocking abs, massive biceps, calves of iron, steel triceps, etc. People are jealous of Quinn's, because they are very fun to drink with, and an absolute god in bed. Easily described as bisexy, Quinn's have tight buns, and chiseled features that could score glass. Most usually half asian. Quinn's are friends with all the beautiful, gorgeous, popular, movie-star-type people. In fact, a Quinn began that clique. The sun shines out of Quinn's anus, and makes everyone smile when Quinn walks by. Quinn is always more successful then everyone else in everything. It has been said that everything that has ever happened in history has been either the result of a Quinn, or happened to produce a Quinn. Getting a Quinn for a friend is the best thing that could happen to anyone, a Quinn will light up the dark, will make the ordinary extraordinary, make the plain magnificent. In Quinn's hands you will find trust and comfort, happiness, and joy. Everyone trusts Quinn, and in turn Quinn will always be trustworth. A Quinn is an aesthetically pleasing addition to any room, and brings a unique pleasing aroma into the room, not unlike a basket of roses after a mid-days shower. THE most amazing guy you will EVER meet.'

'queer':
'myself'

'qwerty':
'A word that you type in google when your boredom levels are criticaly high and you need something to do before your head explodes. this is normally at school.'

'Q':
'a O with a fancy tail'

'Quincy':
'my cousin'

'Quirky':
'what basic bitches call themselves'

'quack':
'A doctor of questionable ablitiy and reputation.'

'Quotev':
'A site with quizes, stories, and polls. Some people decide to roleplay with others, some wite fanfictions, and others just go there to read and take quizes. It used to be purely stories and quizes, but nowadays in 2015 to present time, drama sometimes happens. Quotev occassionally glitches, and that's when everyone loses their shit and flip out. There are some original stories as well, and people can make groups to get advice from others, give guides/tutorials, or simply to have a group chat or roleplay. Quotev is a large community with few haters/bullies and even complete strangers often stick up for one another. You have a choice to show when you're online, can hide your activity from nonfollowers, and deactivate your account. If you do deactivate, you have the option to reactivate for a month before it is permanently deleted.'

'quarter life crisis':
'Usually occurs sometime in your twenties, a few years out of school and still feel as though you're waiting for you're life to begin. For most people it will be arround twenty five years of age (give or take a year or two) as this tends to be when you're way of thinking is starting to change beyond that of a high school or college student. Most people realise they've reached this age if they talk to teens online and realise their way of thinking/talking/interacting etc is considerably diffrent and/or they're starting to refer to teens as 'kids'. It's an age where a lot people start developing a more realistic outlook in life and start feeling that if they haven't accomplished certain things in life they thought they would by then that they may never (Even though this isn't true and they still have a long time to attain their goals and dreams).  This tends to be the age where regets about decitions made in High School, College etc start becomming more appart. The classes one didn't take, or could have tried harder in, the teams one didn't try out for, and wished they had and so forth can sometimes cause a lot of regret and even resentment of those that are doing things one wishes they'd done. Some people will respond to a quarter life crisis by rushing into various landmark type goals in life (ie, getting married, moving out from your parents house, getting your first house, getting your first real job, having kids).  This could be because their friends have accomplished one or more of these things and they're worried their falling behind them.  It may also be because they're afraid that if they don't accomplish these things by the time their 28 or so, they may never. Others respond to it by growing depressed and blamming others for their pervieved failures in life. People tend to move beyond this life crisis when they realise that, a lot of people feel the same way and/or are in the exact same position, so they have plently of company (misery loves company) and/or start to realise that perhaps some of their hopes and dreams were a tad bit unrealistic and that they're just getting a reality check. Once one realises that life hasen't neccessarily let them down and that their hopes and dreams were just that, hopes and dreams, but the reality has simply granted them a more down to Earth/realistic life, they'll accept it and hopefully be happy for what they have and stop lamenting over what they never could realistically have achieved in life.'

'quad':
'A quarter of an ounce (two eighths) of marijuana.'

'Quinton':
'That one amazing boyfriend that everyone wishes they could have. His girlfriend is very lucky to have him, she wouldn't trade him for the world. He is also very sexy, tall, kind, funny, and an all around great person to be around. Trust me.'

'Quizilla':
'A web site where users have the ability to create quizzes on ANY subject then add questions and answers to their preference. This has proved increasingly popular but probmatic too, all down to this exact reason. The pages within used to be rather cool and somewhat...fun, but now it has been infested with little children either making pointless surveys where they desperatley plea for "cyber", giving on the option "yes" to it all, leading to their e-mail addresses popping up on the screen of results, or they just make rubbish questionaires like "GOFFIK OR NOT!!!111", or "R U GAY/AS COOL AS ME???". However, there are some witty and mature people on the site, though the only "masterpieces" they make are honestly...NOT quizzes at all, rather very long, perennial and boring romance "novels", which usually go by the names of "A date with a vampire - part 45" or "The hot foreign exchange student at Hogwarts - chapter 12". These are all just a subtle way to do the exact same thing as their toddler enemies, as usually they will get "rated" the "highest score" by poor, helpless teenage girls who focus on nothing more than gaining around 5 boyfriends on the doomed website by sending countless numbers of private messages to the authors.'

'QT':
'an abbreviation for cutie'

'Quagmire':
'Sex crazed neighbor of Peter Griffin in Family guy.  ALL RIGHT.'

'quim':
'A cunt in Victorian England.Usage popularized by the erotic novel "My Secret Life"'

'Quarantine':
'Staying home and fucking away from everyone'

'Q-tip':
'A private nickname Shin-Ae gives Kousuke in the webtoon"I Love Yoo"'

'Quiff':
'badass haircut from the 50's, worn by guys that would kick your ass anyday.  The haircut is pronounced: kwi-ff.  A kwee-Fffff is just a pussy fart'

'Quentin':
'The most serious and mad guy you will ever meet. A boy that will enter your life when you least expect it but turns out to be the best person ever. He will make you laugh when you least expect it but also roast you when you least expect it. Be careful. Quentin's are not to be messed with, if you mess with him, he'll be done with you. He doesn't have time for drama and pettiness so stay clear. He is basically everything that you want in a person and if you have him in your life then be thankful cause you are blessed. Even though it may seem like he doesn't care sometimes, he makes you feel worthy and good about yourself. He'll laugh at your dumb jokes (knowing how stupid they are) and he'll compliment you when he feels like it. Gas him up because he likes that a lot (who doesn't.) He's also really salty all the time so be prepared for that too also.'

'QED':
'An abbreviation of the Latin phrase "quod erat demonstrandum".  It literally translates as "which was to be demonstrated", and is a formal way of ending a mathematical, logical or physical proof.  It's purpose is to alert the reader that the immediately previous statement, which naturally was arrived at by an unbroken chain of logic, was the original statement that we were trying to prove.'

'Quarter':
'Short guy with really tall girlfriend.'

'Quentin Tarantino':
'a very good director and actor who was cursed with a gigantic forehead, other than that he kicks ass Also being from Tennessee hes not a racist and hasn't commited incest, isn't that a miracle.'

'qwertyuiop':
'Usually the top line of a keyboard, qwertyuiop was the first word ever sent in an e-mail.'

'Quebec':
'The french part of Canada, makers of the original POUTINE. Legal drinking age : 18, real drinking age : 13.'

'Queens of the Stone Age':
'The best fucking rock band ever.'

'Quickie':
'When two people have sexual intercourse in a short amount of time'

'Quief':
'Sometimes happens, due to pressure changes in the vagina particularly during the orgasm. //Expulsion of air after or during sexual intercourse. '

'Quora':
'A site once good a filled with smart people who actually knew what they where talking about. Nowadays the site has gone to shit and is filled with trolls asking weird ass question and creeps how like to get into other people’s business and is filled with opinionated people with their heads up their ass'

'QQ':
'Contrary to popular belief, QQ is not a set of crying eyes. It actually originated with the advent of Warcraft II. On battlenet, you could press ALT+Q+Q to immediately exit the match and program. Thus the term "QQ" was to tell people to just quit because they are unskilled. The term later developed and lost it's origin and is usually mistaken as crying eyes.  In contemporary gamer culture, QQ has become the mainstream emoticon for crying eyes, though it is still often used in it's traditional sense. '

'qazwsxedcrfvtgbyhnujmikolp':
'The product that comes up when a person is going through extreme boredom. Usually comes from bored students who, are supposed to be studying or have nothing better to do.'

'Quin':
'Quin is a beautiful, friendly chick who everyone wants to be friends with. She is cute, not to mention talented! All the guys want her, because of her stunning looks and down-to-earth personality. She is smart, hot, and co-ordinated. She has a flat stomach, of course, and beautiful, glossy hair.'

'QFT':
'QUOTED FOR TRUTH  Used on internet forums when quoting someone with similar views as yours.'

'Quackity':
'A bald man who is secretly gay. Often lusts over Barack Obama and Ashley Tisdale.'

'quaff':
'To Drink Heartily'

'quimby':
'The badass mayor of the Simpsons's hometown.'

'Queer Bait':
'1. Any male who attracts a considerable amount of gay lust wittingly or unwittingly. 2. The new boy on the cell block. 3. An unsuspecting alterboy.'

'Quick Scope':
'A tactic used by snipers in FPS video games. Older than the COD franchise, this tactic has been made heavily popular with COD: Modern Warfare 1 and 2. One of the biggest debates surrounding quick scoping is whether or not the tactic requires real skill, how much skill, or if it's just a matter of repetition and blind probability.The tactic itself involves utilizing quick reflexes to spot an enemy, center them on screen as best as possible, and then zoom into your scope only to then fire as soon as the crosshairs are visible.Some view it as an exploit. This is due to the fact that the crosshairs essentially "lock on" briefly and allow one to achieve relatively easy one-shot kills. A missed shot usually means one need only quickly repeat. Since it's primarily dependent upon reflexes and simple visual cues, sufficient practice by any player eventually leads to the ability to quick scope repeatedly with a diminishing overall vulnerability while doing so.The tactic is helpful for snipers while they're on the run, in close quarters, in place of a weaker secondary weapon. However, abuse of the tactic as a primary method of fighting has lead many to view it as the "cheap" preference of noobs. Many who rely on quick scoping have furthered this stereotype by abusing it repeatedly, even going as far as ridiculing those who snipe in more traditional fashions (often calling them "hard scopers" in a derogatory manner).'

'Quiche':
'Used to describe someone who is hotter than hot. From Chris Lilley's show Ja'mie: Private School Girl'

'QP':
'Quarter Pound of weed.'

'queenie':
'Word used for all types of gays (homosexual, lesbian, bisexual)'

'qwop':
'QWOP(pronounced KWOP) is a south African olympian runner whos low IQ technically qualifies him as mentally retarded. He is, however, not required to participate in the special olympics. QWOP is known for his persistance. Due to his low IQ, he doesnt have full control of his motor functions, therefore he can usually only move about .5 meters before falling over(source, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/QWOP). Despite this handicap, QWOP refuses to use a wheel chair. Atleast... thats what we think. QWOP is unable to form coherent sentences, but due to his facial expression(s) it is assumed that he doesnt want a wheel chair.  In 2002, a study by the Pennsylvania state university on QWOP determined that his IQ is comparable to that of a 2 year old... rat. QWOP has gained a cult following over the years. His people are very supportive. Fans have created a flash game in his honor hosted at Foddy.net. It is used to help mentally retarded people procrastinate.'

'QuickTime':
'Awful media player by Apple which is usually installed by people only because they need it to run a .MOV file, Apple's shitty proprietary video format. Constantly freezes or lags out on older computers and laptops, and has the ugliest, most unintuitive GUI ever. Has features that require a paid PRO license which are free in other programs, such as video conversion. Has absolutely no support at all for the Windows version. It leaves behind various malware such as Apple Application Support and Apple Software Update when uninstalled.'

'QB':
'Quarantine Buddy. Someone you want to netflix and chill with during self imposed quarantine like covid 19 or corona virus'

'Queensryche':
'an intelligent progressive heavy metal band from Seattle. They released their first album in 1983 and has always stood out from other heavy metal bands in the 80s and beyond. They released the concept album "Operation Mindcrime" in 1988, earning the respect of fans and critics alike. Singer/keyboardist Geoff Tate has a stunning voice often described as "operatic". All of their albums range from good to great. Check out "Mindcrime", "Empire", "Tribe" and "The Art of Live". '

'Quarterback':
'hovering over a public toilet in the quarterback position and taking a shit trying not to touch the seat with your ass. '

'qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnmmnbvcxzlkjhgfdsapoiuytrewq':
'Being taken over by boredom and procrastination, and typing qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm and repeating it backwards.'

'queet':
'Especially viscous and tangy vaginal fluid produced by females immediately before and during powerful orgams. '

'Quail':
'Twenty Five percent of the whole.One forth of a complete item.A Mnemonic Device, best spoken aloud to give the user optimal recall.'

'quark':
'a quark is a fundemental constituant of matterObserved in 1968 through deep elastic scatter We found that protons aren't as simple as we thoughtWe thought they were solid particles but they are notProtons in fact are made up of three separate piecesIt just gets more confusing as our knowledge increasesBut that is what a quark is; It's a piece of a proton And they also make up other things including the neutron And with leptons and bosons, unless something's amiss,They make up everything that we can see and that we know existsThings made up of quarks including protons and neutronsAre composite particles that physicists call hadronsMany types of hadrons are theoretically described,But most exist for only very brief amounts of timeQuarks have electric charge, color charge, mass and spin,And having color charge means they exist solely inside ofOther kinds of particles and cannot exist aloneWhich is why quarks have never been studied on their ownQuarks can join together in two different ways,Baryons and Mesons, but most instantly decayIf a particle has three quarks, then it's a baryon,And if there's one quark and and anti-quark, then it is a meson'

'Quality':
'Describes something as very good. Used mainly by the British teenagers and the LPcool.'

'Queerdo':
'A person that is a Queer, and a weirdo at the same time. Used as a description for name-calling. Also the last name of a famous teenager from Texas.'

'Quang':
'an absolute pimp who gets all the bitches'

'queen bee':
'a girl who, usually in a high school setting, is the "leader of the pack." she doesn't always have to be the prettiest, but she is extremely confident, and because she thinks she's hot, others do too. she knows all of the "important" gossip, and people emulate her style. if the queen bee wears something new and different, others will wear it the next day. she always has the hottest boyfriend, and is at all the parties. everyone always talks behind her back about how much they hate her, even though everyone secretly wishes they were her friend. '

'quintin':
'The words comes from 100 b.c. when a beautiful princess was heard screaming 'Quintin,Quintin' during intercourse.Ever since the word has been bestowed on men who are the ultimate sex machines.'

'quint':
'(jamaican slang)it means to squeeze the inner vaginal muscles ie kegel exercise but specifically during sex'

'Quest':
'In Fremont, CA, there is a highschool called Irvington. Here, students are required to pass 3 benchmark projects to be able to graduate. The most gruesome of all is Quest, the senior benchmark. This sinister and hated project has been coined as a new campus curse word as of the year 2012, an alternative/substitute for the word "fuck". Any non-seniors who use this word gets Quested up.'

'quan':
'anyone who is out of control'

'Quizno':
'Derived from the Quizno's mascot... the Rat!!!Some one who tells on people.Rats to the popo.'

'quality control':
'The job of the less intoxicated of the group to filter out obvious mistakes in judgement concerning the the suitibility of a possible candidate for sex caused by beer goggles.'

'qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnmmnbvcxzlkjhgfdsapoiuytrewqqazwsxedcrfvtgbyhnujmikolp':
'The FINAL stage of boredom.AKA the time you took to type this into the search enginetyped by combiningqwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm with mnbvcxzlkjhgfdsapoiuytrewq andqazwsxedcrfvtgbyhnujmikolp.'

'QUAT':
'A girl that makes you hate her more than any other female you've ever met. A combination of a queef, twat, and cunt.'

'Quinten':
'A very hot person. Is trustworthy and caring. He is often very good and sports and is a good leader. He can get a lot of girls but when he finds the one he is very loyal. Oh yea and girls adore him. Quinten is very fun to be around. If your having a bad day just talk to Quinten, he'll make you happy. Quinten is just a overall AMAZING person!!'

'quiet kid':
'The quiet kid, often the student in class that goes unnoticed. There are voluntary quiet kids, and there are involuntary quiet kids. Voluntary quiet kids are often loners, who are very self-sufficient, and can in some cases be motivated to stay unnoticed, or low-key. Involuntary quiet kids may have shy tendencies, and may actually be too timid to initiate friendship. Often labled as mysterious, or weird by classmates. Many have suffered negative lables by judgemental people such as: gay, emo, goth, 'mental', shy, rude, mean, stuck-up, and boring, which is unfair to the quiet kid, because most people (yes, even teachers), make these judgements without taking the time to understand or get to know the individual. Often the quiet-kid is not "boring" as some may suggest, but instead may not feel that the people in their environment are good for their personality, especailly with most people being so judgemental anyway.'

'Quicksilver':
'Quicksilver is no ordinary x-man, he has super speed and super looks. He is considered, among many to be a god. He is literally the best thing to ever happen to the marvel universe'

'qazxswedcvfrtgbnhyujmkiolp':
'This is the divine sentence of which bored I.T. studentstap in to see what comes up in google.'

'quacker':
'When a person laid a loud fart sounding like a duck'

'Quake':
'Noun; An extrememly overweight female. subterms/derivative terms: Minor Quake = very overweight female, Plain and Simple Quake = extremely overweight female, Massive Quake = dangerously obese female.'

'Quag':
'A person that happens to be a queer and fag at the same time. Hence combining the words and creating the term quag.'

'que?':
'what?huh?i dont get it i dont understand'

'Quay':
'London slang for far away:Quay is a shortened version of 'Quite away away"'

'Queen of rap':
'Queen of rap is nicki minaj'

'quip':
'a fast, witty comment; a one-liner'

'quality vs. quantity':
'Choosing a better quality product/service vs. choosing more of that product/service with less quality'

'Queeb':
'As in Floyd E Queeb a fictional person celebrated by the denizens and alumnus of Northland College on October 28 of each year.'

'qwertyuioplkjhgfdsazxcvbnm':
'when you move your finger across your keyboard from left to right then right to left then left to right when you should be working on your homework'

'Quiggle':
'A code word used to mask your intentions of consuming alcoholic beverages.'

'queerbag':
'A extreme member of the gay/homosexual community, or anyone who acts in a gay manner.'

'Quaffle':
'The main ball used to play both Quidditch and Muggle Quidditch. It is used to score goals in one of the opponents three hoops. Passed around by the called the chasers.'

'quesadillas':
'the absolute most delicious food in the world'

'Quart':
'A powerful expulsion of air from the anus and vaginal canals in unison'

'Quaking':
'Used as an alternative to "shook". Usually used for more emphasis. Popularize by Shane Dawson, who probably learned it from Ru Paul's Drag Race.'

'quid':
'One pound (100 pence) in British Sterling (GBP). Can refer to the actual denomination (a goldish looking coin, about a centimetre and a half across), or any amount in Sterling. In very common use, all across the UK.'

'Quirk':
'Special abilities that developed through evolution. 8/10 people will develop a quirk by age four or five. Unless it is a mutant type quirk which appear at birth. Many people use their quirks to become heroes.'

'Quakertown':
'You know you are from Quakertown and its surrounding areas if; The best thing to do is go to Wal Mart on a Friday or Saturday night. You know exactly what Grida’s is and know its opening day and closing day. The back parking lot of the Regal is the best for doing donuts in. The car shows at Dairy Queen are always a big hit! You know that Haycock is an elementary school, and not some lame sexual innuendo You know exactly who Mario Galante is. The Milford soccer games were put on delay because of a cow being in the middle of the field. Dominick’s/ Giovanni’s/ Pizza Randa all have the best pizza in town. You have a really large feeling of disgust when you hear someone say they are from Pennridge. One word QMART! You know your screwed when there is traffic, not because of cars, but because of the slow ass tractor in front of you. Knowing that half the town worked/works at Friendly’s or Giant. '

'Quackson':
'The correct pronunciation of croissant. It is mostly used by fans of Tom Holland and other English people. This should be the only way to say croissant.'

'Quarf':
'(N) A very loud and deep sounding queef.Originated in 2006 when a female practiced to take in air through her vagina hole and push it out in a roaring manor.'

'Qilf':
'a sexually arousing Monarch (queen I'd like ta fuck)'

'Qwert':
'To ejaculate. It is also the first 5 letters on the keybourd.'

'Quaf':
'the sound heard from the ballsack hitting the taint of a female (or male) while getting pounded'

'Qian Kun':
'Qian Kun is the Chinese jesus blessing everyone with his musical talents and insane visual'

'Quaker':
'The most peacefull of all Christian sects. Highly non-violent and actually are throughout history. They believe in the true Christian ethics without all the hierarchal greed for power nor hypocritical. They respect other religions as well and don't try to convert you or say you'll go to hell if you go against their beliefs. Also a brand of cereal.'

'quap':
'A word used to describe a quarter pound of some form of street drug. Usually marijuana, but can be any drug.'

'Queen of Hearts':
'Queen of Hearts is a non-white women, typically Asian or black, who only dates and/or sexually interested in white men..Their gay or bi equivalent is Jack of Hearts.'

'Quinn Allman':
'The guitarist of The Used. Absolutely fxcking awesome. He is not only extremely talented (The Used's guitar tracks are pretty hard to play) but breathtakingly gorgeous. Also, in the album cover of In Love And Death he said, "... Joseph Smith the greatest fiction writer of the latterday next to Tolkien." That is a statement to respect.'

'quitter':
'someone who gives up on something'

'QC':
'QC, short for Quality Control.'

'Quank':
'It can mean anything you want. Good or bad!'

'Queen Elizabeth II':
'An immortal that will never die and will rule England forever. She is currently 94 but will probably live till 1000.'

'Quibly':
'A sexy beast that everyone will follow'

'Quare':
'noticeable,remarkable,exceptional.  Equivalent to the word "quite" in most instances.In Irish usage the word has no homosexual connotations.'

'Quasar':
'An attractive girl/woman that radiates a stellar feminine quality (derived from the astronomy term of the same name meaning: an extremely luminous active galactic nucleus, in which a supermassive black hole with mass ranging from millions to billions of times the mass of the Sun is surrounded by a gaseous accretion disk.)'

'qpwoeirutyalskdjfhgzmxncbv':
'When you've done all other combinations on the keyboard and you still need to start your homework so you type in the letters starting from the top and typing them in from the leftmost side then the rightmost side until you finish the top row then go to the second row'

'quarterpounder':
'An extremely inexpensive prostitue.  '

'Quantum Physics':
'The ultimate mindscrew.'

'Quince':
'short for quinceañera: a big 15th birthday party popular among hispanic families, it celebrates a girl's coming of age in much the same way a "sweet sixteen" birthday does in some anglo cultures, but is usually more elaborate - a combination of sweet sixteen, Catholic religious ceremony, and debutante ball.'

'Quinlan':
'from Gaelic meaning "beautifully formed."  Slang as someone who is beautifully formed; proper name as well.'

'QuackityHQ':
'A duck youtuber whom doesn't know his left from his "left."'

'Qua':
'1.The act of qua.2.to be surprised.3.What?'

'quit':
'It is what you do when people from urban dictionary keep your definitions off.'

'Quiz':
'a way of destroying a childs life in school.'

'quif':
''

'QAnon':
'QAnon began as a prank by 4chan members with the goal of convincing gullible people to unwittingly promote the fictional organization "Queers Anonymous". It has since been adopted and perpetuated by many around the world.'

'Quade':
'A quade is something unknown, simply because we will never figure it out.A quade is also a foreign currency.'

'qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnmmnbvcxzlkjhgfdsapoiuytrewqqazwsxedcrfvtgbyhnujmikolpplokmijnuhbygvtfcrdxeszwaq':
'You've pretty much committed suicide. You're so bored, and you've already typed qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm, mnbvcxzlkjhgfdsapoiuytrewq, qazwsxedcrfvtgbyhnujmikolp, plokmijnuhbygvtfcrdxeszwaq, and qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnmmnbvcxzlkjhgfdsapoiuytrewqqazwsxedcrfvtgbyhnujmikkolp.'

'Queermo':
'Combination of a Queer and Homo'

'quad-sexual':
'A person who has sex with men, women, animals, and shrubbery.'

'queer as folk':
'Contrary to above definition, definately not from any welsh phrase as the Welsh speak Welsh and unlike the North do not use the word 'nowt' . A Yorkshire phrase 'there's nowt so queer as folk'.'

'quaid':
'A smile that is huge and contagious. Usually on a super hot, funny, compassionate, sweet, lifeguard-type guy (MAN). He is a great athlete.As Broad as Dennis Quaid's smile.'

'Question Mark?':
'A humerous phrase added at the end of a question on instant messengers, SMS/Text messages, e-mails and any other form of informal electronic communcation.Electronic equivellent of a raised eyebrow and chin stroke when asking a question physically.'

'queird':
'both queer and weird'

'qwaszxerdfcvtyghbnuijkmopl':
'Qwaszxerdfcvtyghbnuijkmopl is one of those things you do after you already searched qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm or mnbvcxzlkjhgfdsapoiuytrewq or even qazwsxedcrfvtgbyhnujmikolp. Because you're so bored that you are searching patterns on the keyboard and then end up writing an entire definition of the urban dictionary about it when you should be working on that Science project which is due on Tuesday.'

'qweef':
'pussyfart, vaginal air biscuit, the sound of success'

'Quizzle':
'One of a set of Quizlex'

'quyen':
'is a person whose always by your side and you can trust. She is also caring, kind, and lovable. She'd always make you feel better when ever you're sad with her cheering up skills. She's fun to talk to and to hang around with. You'll never be bored with her around.'

'quanta':
'Quanta: (plural for quantum) are packets of this sub-atomic energy.  Quanta are waves and particles, mass and non-mass, matter and non-matter.  It is measurable and immeasurable, real and not real, visible and not visible... all at the same time – inherently dualistic.  It is completely "opposite", physical and non-physical, in the same place, space and time, contrary to the current classical laws of physics.  The quantum world creates the physical world.'

'Quig':
'A Minecraft YouTuber who is very cool. He has many subscribers and TimeDeo is the same person as him.'

'queen b':
'head of a girls circle of friends'

'queff':
'when air goes in and out of the pussy when having sex,making a fart noise'

'quid pro quo':
'Latin-"This for that"'

'Quib':
'A little indie game called Quib. It is a bad pun made out of "cube" and "quit".'

'Qais':
'Qais is amazing a strong, born leader. Qais is a cheeky one he shows he’s innocent but inside he has dark side.A Qais is handsome and is religious all the way. You should get know a Qais.'

'Questions':
'All that is left when there are no answers'

'Quiet':
'1) Containing little noise, but not silence. 2) The state of little sound. 3) To lower something's (usually the voice's) sound.'

'quantum mechanics':
'A branch of physics in which the measurable qualities (position, momentum, energy) of a system are described by "observables."  The system, upon measurement by the given observable, after being in a superposition of multiple states, collapses into one of a variety of states allowable by the Schrodinger equation.  The exact state the system collapses into, is probablistically determined.'

'quatch':
'A term used to describe someone who has embarrassed themselves. Either through action or speech. An example would be one someone trips over their own feet or other acts of embarrassment.One particular person in history who is a quatch is Christopher Columbus. He sailed to South America and thinking he was in India, he called the natives, "Indians"Can be used as a noun verb or adjective:quatchquatching'

'Qui':
'He is the cutest and most handsome guy you will ever laid eyes on. He makes you feel like there is actually good in the world. He has his own unique personality, that comes with a funny sense of humor, and great style. Qui is a gift from god with amazingly breathtakingly smile, a man above all men.'

'quicky':
'The act of intercourse in a short amount of time (usually under 3 minutes) where the male recieves the majority of the pleasure, as the females sexual peak has been known to come later (all though no one cares)'

'Ryan':
'If this is your name everyone will think you are saying Brian. Everyone.'

'Raps':
'Similar to the slang use of “Rip”. Raps signals the abrupt and sometimes comical end to an action or event. If a team loses a game or a friend cancels on you, raps. It’s over. It’s done. Also can be used to show that something is great. You bought me 30 chicken wings, raps.'

'Republican':
'1. In Ireland, someone who wants the Six Counties back.  Typically votes for Sinn Fein, although in the 26-county republic the centre-right majority party Fianna Fail have tried to steal the mantle. 2. In general, someone who supports democracy and dislikes monarchies, even as figureheads. 3.  In the United States, someone who screams about persecution of a minority when the minority is very rich and the "persecution" comes in the form of taxation.  The symbol is an elephant, presumably because the trunk hoovers up all the money.  Someone who is staunchly pro-life ... at least if the life in question can afford a good lawyer.  Will fight the terrorists du jour with every nigger/spic/piece of poor white trash they can scoop off the streets, but not themselves and not with their Johnny.  You don't have to be an imbecile to be a Republican, but it certainly helps.  Living proof of the falsity of their own cherished belief in the pseudoscience of Creationism.  You'd think that in three billion seconds, never mind three billion years, God would have gotten it right.'

'runescape':
'An online adventure game that turns normal aspiring human beings into brainwashed robots.   I myself know from experience; i played this game for over 4 years starting in 2002.  Let me tell you, in my 19 years of life, those 4 years were the darkest, most desolate years ever. I quit soccer two years ago to make more time to play.  I ditched guitar.  At this time two years ago, (1:37AM), my "rune night" would have begun and continued well into the afternoon of the next day.   The feeling while playing this game is ironically satisfactory.  While playing, you think of nothing but the game.  Personal and worldy affairs don't mean a thing.  In fact, the most important thing on your mind is when and how you're going to get that next combat level.  A news report about a bridge collapsing in Minnesota and plunging 50 cars hundereds of feet into the Mississippi river won't phase you.  If you're away from runescape, i.e. in school, you find yourself thinking and fantasizing about the game, as if you're going to have sex with an incredibly gorgeous woman when you get home.  Oddly enough, after playing, you feel a a feeling of resentment, from yourself and the declining number of people you know, regardless if those people you know play Runescape or not.     The addictive quailities in this game are stifling, as simple movements of the finger are ONLY required to play this game.  Yet the game is a drug. The fact that goals in runescape are extremely infatuating to achieve and are much more convinient to achieve than real life goals are what make this game addicting.  Luckily, the players are in Runescape are starting to decline in terms of maturity and decency, which is helping to draw some players away.  But this is not enough.  If you want to quit playing, it has to hit you. I sat on my rooftop on a cold Decemeber night at 3AM after playing for hours and reflected on what Runescape does for me.  The answer is it doesn't mean a god damn thing, even though those skill goals are drawing you back to the game.  The thought of wasting hours to fuel a ridiculous addiction plagued me, and finally i said fuck it.  I wanted to go back inside and play the game so badly, and I did.  This time i took EVERY item and owned and dropped it.  Made a bogus and lengthy password and recovery questions by typing in the answers while closing my eyes and my addiction was cured.   That was four months ago.  I have not been back, and never will be back.  My account is locked by my own doing and will forever be lost.  This game came close to ruining my life, had i not taken action.  Bottom line: if you are addicted and know you have to quit, do it now while the thought is fresh and before you are thrusted back into the lies of Runescape.  Act now, destroy your account, and you will be cured.'

'Rachel':
'Rachel will never fail to surprise you. Often she'll say something random and continue on like nothing happened. If you ask her to repeat it, she'll pretend she doesn't know what you're talking about. She's the loudest person you'll ever meet. No matter where you are, you can hear her. She loves to talk, she never stops. She's nice, but she could also kick your ass. She won't take shit from anyone and she speaks her mind. She's so blunt it may be considered rude. If you break her trust, she'll hold it against you forever. Her friends love her, but pretend like they don't know why. Her friends do what she wants because no one can win an argument against her. Rachel will often softly punch her friends when they are making fun of her, then yell when anyone tries to punch her back. She's very funny and sarcastic. She has an inappropriate sense of humor. Her mind is so far in the gutter, it is the gutter. She is very charismatic and easily coerces people into doing things for her. She loves food, and will take it from anyone. She eats like a maniac but she never gains a single pound. She is likely the skinniest person you know. She loves to complain, even when there's nothing to complain about. She will never share a secret that you've told her without permission. She's very attractive, and most of her male friends have had a crush on her at one point. Most are too scared to ask her out, because she can be intimidating. She flirts with everyone she's around, but isn't aware of it.'

'redneck':
'You would be a redneck if: You need one more hole punched in your card to get a freebie at the House of Tattoos. You need an estimate from your barber before you get a haircut. The biggest fashion risk you take is which plaid you'll wear to the 4-H Fair. You have flowers planted in a bathroom appliance in your front yard. Your wife weighs more then your refrigerator. You move your refrigerator and the grass underneath it has turned yellow. You mow your lawn and find a car. You can spit without opening your mouth. Going to the bathroom in the middle of the night involves putting on shoes and a jacket and grabbing a flashlight. You go Christmas shopping for your mom, sister, and girlfriend, and you only need to buy one gift. Taking a dip has nothing to do with water. There are more than ten lawsuits currently pending against your dog. You take a fishing pole to Sea World. The hood and one door are a different color from the rest of your car. You've ever filled your deer tag on the golf course. You've ever shot somebody over a mall parking space. Santa Claus refuses to let your kids sit in his lap. Your toilet paper has page numbers on it. You think mud rasslin' should be an Olympic sport. The receptionist checks the rat traps at your place of business. More than one living relative is named after a Southern Civil War general. You think the stock market has a fence around it. You think the O.J. trial was the big Sunkist and Minutemaid taste test. You've ever lost a loved one to kudzu. Your boat has not left the driveway in 15 years. Your front porch collapses and kills more than three dogs. Your coffee table used to be a telephone cable spool. You keep a can of Raid on the kitchen table. You've ever used a toilet seat as a picture frame. Your home has more miles on it than your car.Your Christmas tree is still up in February. You've ever been arrested for loitering. You think that potted meat on a saltine is an hors d'ouvre. There is a stuffed possum anywhere in your house. You hammer bottle caps into the frame of your front door to make it look nice. You've ever shot anyone for looking at you. You own a homemade fur coat. Your wife can climb a tree faster than your cat. Your momma has "ammo" on her Christmas list. You've totaled every car you've ever owned.'

'religion':
'VERB;  pure religion, and undefiled before god is this; to visit the fatherless and the widow in their affliction and to keep oneself unspotted from the world; humble charity.  This is the definition of religion found in the Bible'

'Roblox':
'A game that is getting worse and clearly if you are under the age of 13 roblox won't let you say numbers and normal everyday words cuz apparently it "Protects kids from giving away personal info"'

'Rebecca Black':
'A girl that knows what day it is and feels the need to sing about it. She can be seen going to catch the bus but then contemplating whether to go in the front or back seat of a 4 year old's convertible. She will then time warp into 7:45 at night where she is seen with a friend to her right whilst "partying partying yeah" and having "fun fun fun fun" looking forward to the weekend. Then she precedes to let everyone know that yesterday was Thursday, today is Friday which she is quite excited about, tomorrow is Saturday and Sunday comes afterward. Then in an obvious change of events a 35 year old black man begins to rap about how he is following a school bus full of 12 year olds. Followed by a minute of a half of dancing children telling everyone it's "FRYday FRYday."'

'ricer':
'(Ricer: from the latin word Ricarius meaning to suck at everything you attempt) A person who makes unecessary modifications to their most often import car (hence the term "rice") to make it (mostly make it look) faster. The most common modifications are (but not limited to): - Huge exhaust that serves no purpose but to make the car louder   - Large spoiler on the back that looks like something Boeing made for the 747   - Lots of after-market company stickers they don't have parts from, but must be cool- Expensive rims that usually cost more than the car itself - Bodykit to make the car appear lower, usually accented with chicken wire - Clear tail lights and corner signals- A "performace intake"- a tube that feeds cold air to their engine usually located in areas of excessive heat (behind or on top of the engine)- Most of these riced cars (a.k.a. rice rockets or rice burners) are imports; Honda Civics, Accords, Integras, CRXs, RSXs, Del Sols Mitsubishi Eclipses, Lancers, Subaru Imprezas,  however there are some domestics such as Chevrolet Caviliers, Dodge Neons, Ford Focus; small, slow, economy cars designed specifically to go slow. Please note that some Supras, Skylines, WRX's and other higher performance imports are designed to go fast, and are therfore not always considered rice. It really depends on the severity of the case.  The "ricer" attempts to make their car "performance" by adding the modifications listed above. These ricers are not confined to any one ethnic group or color, however different ethnic groups are known for certain styles.'

'Rape':
'Congrats you just searched rape on urban dictionary. What do you have to say for yourself?'

'Riley':
'A chill girl who couldn't care less about what others think about her. She has many friends, but only a few best friends. She can crack a joke and get high grades all at the same time. Her inability to sit still in class proves her athleticism. Her eyes light up at multiple topics and her smile can brighten the day. She is scared of quite a few things, but will always face them to prove someone wrong. She is stubborn like crazy and will fight until she wins. Watching her is like watching a ray of sunshine and being with her is like a breath of fresh air. She is beautiful, but doesn't know it. Seeing her get lost in something is intriguing and she is kind of a nerd. This girl is sassy and won't let anybody tell her that she is any less than what God made her. She exudes confidence and is always kind no matter how much she says she hates everyone, she is lying. She has a big loving heart and will always stand up for what is right. If you find one, hold one her.'

'Racist':
'A racist is a member of a racial group who has the power to subjugate other racial groups. A racist benefits from institutionalized racism.Warren T. Taylor, Ph.D.Clinical Psychologist'

'Robert':
'A very awesome, smart, and funny young man. He is very nice to others and he gets all the ladies. Robert is a very wise man. He works his way out of a situation and he will take your breathe away. He is also a great war machine! And friend.'

'retards':
'A typo of the word regards which can get you in serious trouble at work.'

'Rawr':
'A word that means "I Love You" in dinosaur. '

'rock':
'used to defeat scissors in a game'

'Rebecca':
'Rebecca is the name reserved only for the genuine and best women on earth. They are REALLY cute, beautiful, very smart, driven, have a wonderful and playful personality, and has this cute awkwardness about them. They are fun-loving, adventurous, silly, and always suspicious of everyone. Rebecca has the most amazing eyes ever. She always makes people laugh & her ass is the size of Jupiter. It's hard to get close to a Rebecca at first because they choose their friends wisely and are very untrustworthy to everyone around them. This is a good thing though because if they talk to you, they really mean everything they say and are very straightfoward about their feelings towards someone.Rebeccas severely underestimate everything about themselves, so you need to constantly prove to them that they are much better than they think. They also can dance and sing and they will do anything they set their mind to(except driving).It's impossible to be actually mad at a rebecca, no matter what they do, because they are so loveable :)Rebeccas can be confusing sometimes and they can make people go crazy sometimes, but in the end, it turns out everything they do that makes you go crazy just makes you like them just that much more. They're much more than meets the eye.Never lose doubt of Rebecca, they don't lie, they are one in a million. Just because they don't hug you doesn't mean they hate you(I hope) =)'

'Racism':
'Racism is a system in which a dominant race believe they are superior and benefit from the oppression of other races - whether they want to or not. We don't live in a society where every racial group has equal power, status and opportunity.Yes, white people all over the world throughout history have experienced slavery and persecution but have not been enslaved, colonised or forced to segregate on the scale that black people have. They do not face housing or job discrimination, police brutality, poverty or incarceration at the levels that black people do. This is not to say that they do not experience things like poverty and police brutality at all but again, not on the same scale - not even close.Racism also crosses religious and cultural boundaries. Islamophobia is racism mixed with cultural intolerance. Islamophobia targets markers of moslem identity. Evident in how perpetrators of Islamophobic hate crime disproportionately target visibly moslem women, in the same way that racism often targets people for the colour of their skin. Islamophobes often target Sikhs because Sikhs wear turbans, wrongly believing only moslems wear turbans.Racism isn't one race hating another, that's what you tell kids. When kids ask where do babies come from you explain it at a level they understand, you don't mention vas deferens and fallopian tubes.Unfortunately many people never look into racism and their understanding of racism never advances beyond the kindergarten definition.'

'Rat':
'Rat'

'ratchet':
'A ghetto-dialect mispronunciation of the English term "wretched".'

'Reddit':
'a place that post screenshots of definitions from here'

'Random':
'The most annoying word ever. You'll say something that relates to your previous topic, yet they say it's random because they can't comprehen it.'

'Ruby':
'An outgoing girl, who can be your bestest friend, or your worst enemy because she is not afraid to speak her mind. She is very loud, and talkativae, and very lovable. She might annoy you at times but you love her. She is very pretty and has perfect eyes, but doesnt know it, she may look like she tries to hard, but couldnt care less. She is a party animal, she is the one you want to hang around. She hates getting compliments but loves giving them, a Ruby is a girl you can trust and befriend, she is loyal and caring, sometimes may seem the opposite but always keeps a secret, she is very smart and extremely creative, but also busy. A ruby is an amazing girl you want to be around.'

'rugby':
'Elegant Violence'

'Rose':
'Usually dark haired and dark eyed. A Rose is a person who is daring, fun loving and extremely active. Though she may come off as snobby, she is truly just shy with people and takes her time getting to know someone but if she likes you then she will be the best friend you could ever have. Knowing a Rose is a blessing in your life because once you get her out of her shell, she is a sweet, loving and caring person. Never doubt a Rose's trust because no matter what, she always has your back. Rose is the type of person who is impossible not to envy. With her perfection and sweet ways. She just has that X factor you dont find in any other girls! A really loving girlfriend who you could bring home to met your mother!(usually your whole family will fall in love with her then too) , she just has that effect on people, and she will always put a smile on your face no matter what mood your in!. No stranger to advances from men/women as there is usually a queue lined up trying to get to her, her sexual energy is unreal/amazing so you can understand why this is!! She is completely faithful and honest the best girlfriend/wife you could ask for. Usually dont give second chances so dont piss her off!!All in all a remarkably beautiful individual inside and out!!'

'Red Sox':
'The Red Sox are the Major League Baseball(MLB) team of Boston Massachusetts. They were created along with the American League in 1901, and have won 6 World Championships in the 106 years between now and then. The Red Sox have a fierce Rivalry with the New York Yankees, which dates back to around 1920, when the Red Sox owner sold Babe Ruth to the Yankees for cash and loans.  Since Boston's first world series win in 86 years in '04, the Rivalry seems to be become more intense, as the Red Sox claim to have "broken the curse of the Bambino."  Although the Yankees have a much more impressive record(26 world series wins) so far, only time will tell if the "curse of the Bambino" really has been broken.'

'rusty trombone':
'When a guy gets a rim job and a hand job at the same time from one person. Looks like the giver is playing a trombone...with a 'rusty', brown mouthpiece.'

'Red':
'The ultimate badass. THE Pokemon Master. Not to be confused with the joker called Ash. This guy can wipe the floor with you without even breaking a sweat. Even if he loses, you'll never want to challenge him ever again. The piercing red eyes that stare into your soul and rip it apart will make sure that you will never want to fight him again, no matter the outcome of the battle.'

'Rim Job':
'The act of kissing and licking someone's asshole'

'Ruben':
'Ruben is a very charming yet mysterious person. Naturally people are drawn to his good smile and voluminous hair. He is a big people person, but still has many hidden emotions. Only the closest will see that side of him. He sees sharing emotions as an act of weakness. Rubens are generally good looking and get lots of ladies, but never stay with them long. Although if you have a Ruben keep them close because their genuinely good people and very smooth, but be careful because they know that about themselves as well.'

'Richard':
'Heart of gold. He is extremely kind and always compassionate. Puts others first before himself, but still manages to have a thoughtful opinion and holds true to his beliefs. The best boyfriend a girl could ever ask for. Beautiful eyes, great body, FANTASTIC hair, impeccably dressed. Extremely intelligent. Knows so much about the world and the people around him. Could talk to him for hours about nothing. Very mature for his age. He knows what he wants and how to get it. Someone you will always want to have by your side-- your life will change once you meet him.'

'Ramen':
'The only thing between 500,000 Americans and utter starvation.'

'RIP':
'Used to indicate that a plan or idea has fallen through.'

'ripped':
'Well defined muscles'

'Rosie':
'A person, usually a girl, who is extraordinary in every way, shape, and form. Her beauty surpasses that of any other girl in the world, for her beauty shines forth like a radiant sun. Her smile can light up an entire city for years it is so vibrant and beautiful. She is extremely sexy and beautiful even though she would never admit it openly. She's the kind of person who is shy at first, but when you get to know her, you find she is cute, funny, silly, and caring. Whenever you see her walking down a street, you can see the Angels that follow her with Harps at the ready, for when she speaks, her voice is like that of an infinite number of Harps being played by the most perfect Angels found in Heaven. Her love has no limits, her friendship extends even to those who have hurt her in the past. Every person who has met a Rosie just knows she will amount to something amazing in the future. Her laugh and giggle is highly contagious to those around her. Be warned: if you fall for a Rosie, she will steal your heart, but do not be alarmed, for it is in the hands of an Angel, and she will return the amount of trust and love you give her back to you, including the giving of her warm, loving heart.'

'Rush':
'A pathological liar with a corny chest tatoo who cheats on every gf he has.'

'RIAA':
'This organization represents the artists, right?  WRONG!  We don't get a cent from our works thanks to the RIAA, and the only way we can get by is to stage concerts, which is a risk because that sometimes costs us more than what we can afford.  Supposedly the RIAA is trying to protect other peoples' works from being "pirated", but in reality, the RIAA destroys 1/3 of the music CDs not sold, counts that as "Lost Sales", and rewrites it to "Lost Sales caused by Piracy".  If anything, piracy actually HELPS us a lot because more people listen to our music and decide whether it's worth keeping or not.  The RIAA just keeps on resisting changes in technology, and has even gone to the point of suing the poor, the children, and the college students, all who make up a large percentage of its customers.'

'Roman':
'A guy who is somewhat physically attractive(but not perfect). He has a kind caring personality and is always good to his woman. He is not selfish loves the outdoors and sports. He is also a pretty fast runner. He enjoys good food, music,and spending time with is freinds. He is into fishing. He sometimes has brown or black hair. Roman is not afraid to admit that he isn't perfect and also is brave enough to roast himself. He thinks more about others than of himself.'

'Redhead':
'A person born with hair which is almost entirely red. American Redheads are typically associated with fighsty personalities likely due to being treated differently at a young age. This attitude is more a product of environment than genetics. Protip: While a Brunette's hair in the sun looks red, a Redhead in the sun looks like heaven on earth.'

'Rihanna':
'She will do what she has to, to make people laugh. No matter what there are gonna be people that hate her for her awesome personality but she is a internally confindent girl. She hates when people use her name as a reference to the famous singer/songwriter Rihanna, but all in all she loves her name and thinks it's unique. She is a great friend, she is trustworthy, goofy, and weird. She will do anything for the people that mean something to her.'

'rice burner':
'What every 16-20 year old who's seen "The Fast and the Furious", or "2 Fast 2 Furious" is likely to drive. Usually running a ridiculous amount of negative wheel camber due to the car being lowered without getting an alignment done, wheels larger than can reasonably fit in the wheelwells (giving lots of tire rub), a 3 foot tall aluminum wing, under car neon tubing, "Type R" decals, a boost gauge (esp in a normally aspirated car), and has the overall appearance of an automobile onto which every advertiser in Super Street has barfed a part. Required equipment includes a 5 inch exhaust tip on an otherwise stock exhaust system, a 4 million watt stereo system that, from outside the car, seems to do mothing other than vibrate the rear hatch glass, and every aftermarket gauge that the local Pep Boys carries (not necessarily connected to anything). Not to be confused with a "tuner car", which may be quite a bit faster than anything you've seen away from a racetrack.'

'Ross':
'Someone named Ross is usually of the male gender. A Ross is smart and literally perfection. His brown hair and green eyes will hypnotize you. He always makes you feel so special, like nothing else matters and you don't have to worry about anything. He may be soft spoken but he has a lot to say. He is handsome and all the girls want him. He is athletic and strong, but still kind and gentle. A Ross' hugs are the best and he is very protective. He generally dates girl that are shy, but sweet. He's adorable, and extremely cute. He may seem quiet at first, but is very loud in reality. When you start to get to know him, it's hard not to fall for him, especially if he falls for you. He's willing to do almost anything for you. He'd wait a whole year for you if he had to. He's very complimentary, but also insecure, so give him compliments too. He'll stay up until he falls asleep talking to you, and stay on the phone with you for hours discussing how much he loves you and what you'd name your children, and how perfect they'd be. He sticks to playing sports like basketball and soccer, but might play football as well. A Ross is special; if you have one, hold him close and never let go.'

'Randy':
'Overly excited in a sexual manner. See also horny.'

'Raven':
'A marvoulous person. Goofy or silly. Always cares for others. Generally an outgoing person. Usually low-self esteem. Beautiful and intelligent but never takes compliments'

'Reese':
'Reese is very indecisive. she has a good sense of style, and knows when to get serious and when to let loose a little bit. she’s very organized when she wants to be, and her grades are pretty good too. she most likely plays sports and is very athletic. when you meet anyone with this name, you will instantly notice that she’s very funny, and cracks jokes about all the right things. she tries to be really aesthetic by eating healthy, being put together all the time but sometimes it just doesn’t work out.'

'R Kelly':
'The process of pissing all over a girls face who is 14 years of age or younger for sexual arrousal and total domination... Similiar to a golden shower but with girls 14 years or younger.'

'rake yohn':
'Long hairy guy who hates musturd .Bro of Art Webb 1986'

'Reece':
'Reece is the best there is. He is amazing. There’s no amount of words to describe how good he is.If you are lucky enough to know a Reece you should always treat him kindly. He would sacrifice the world for you. A guy like Reece doesn’t waste his time with just anyone, so that’s how you know you are special.Reece is the kind of guy to surprise you by making you mad at him first so the surprise is even better. He would shower you with love all day because that’s just who he is.A guy like Reece is always there for you. He’d go the extra mile and then some. There really is no comparison to a Reece.If you are lucky enough to DATE a Reece, then you better never let go. You just got blessed with the best. To date a Reece is to date your best friend. It’s to be so intimate with someone you’ve never known a love so good.Reece’s are funny, cute, and so smart. My Reece is the kind of guy I want to marry.'

'Rohan':
'A sweet, cute, boy who attracts all the girls with his charming smile and beautiful brown eyes. He is an amazing friend who will always make you laugh and who will always be there to help you when you're in need. Once you're friends with him you will never want to lose him.'

'Rachael':
'She's as unique as her name and not afraid to stand out. Rachaels are a friend to all...no one is ever left out. Smart and intelligent...academics are important because she knows they will help her reach her dreams. Beautiful on the inside and out! Tough as steal on on the outside...but her heart does get broken (she just only shows that to those closest to her). Always has a smile for everyone...and is a great encourager! Loves to laugh and be silly...loves her friends so much...loves God even more. Family means everything! Rachaels will try anything..are great with athletics, in art & music...amazing! Rachaels take the bad in their life to make them stronger and have a confidence that each day will be better than the next. If you know a Rachael your life is blessed. If Rachael calls you friend...you have a true treasure!'

'ricegum':
'borderline sex offender'

'Renée':
'Of French origin meaning "rebirth" or "born again." A totally rad, awesome chick with a hipnotizing derrière. (see also, "bubblebutt") Fun, outgoing, funny with just the right touch of sarcasm, insightful, inwardly and outwardly beautiful. Able to have an intelligent conversation while also appreciating the importance of a fun night on the town, a sexy dress and a hot pair of shoes. Values love, respect & loyalty. A girly girl at heart but able to hang with the guys and crush a beer can or 2.'

'retarded':
'A word used to describe someone who is profoundly stupid. A type of stupidity that is an insult to intelligence itself. Politically correct people would like you to be rude to someone in a less offensive way, perhaps by calling them dumb instead. This ignores the fact that dumb, idiot, and many other similar insults used today were all old-timey technical terms for retards. It also ignores the fact that any word used to describe someone of below average ability in any area is an insult to someone with average ability or higher in that area.'

'Russian':
'An accent you can do to prevent yourself from getting mugged in a dark alley.'

'Reality TV':
'A truly saddening development of modern media. Programming which lacks any redeeming social, intellectual or moral value but is nonetheless poigniant in a macabre way due to the reflection it offers of a rapidly declining western culture. Primarily watched by mindless, brainwashed Americans who are long since bereft of any intelligent thought or recognizable human values (greed and self-interest notwithstanding).'

'robin':
'Robin's are very calm and they reflect the nature of dove...Him and his attitude is rarely found in others...People love to chill around with them because Robin make people happy at no cost...Frank,cool,sexy,stylish,naughty,talented,responsibility,kind,love=Robin...Robin is the most loving guy and lovable guy on this planet...Girls get lose when they hear the name ROBIN... :p :D ;)'

'Reggaeton':
'Reggaeton is characterized by rough, monotone rapping (in Spanish) and driving dancehall riddims, and it's rapidly becoming the dance music of choice for a generation of young Latinos. While only recognized as a style in the 1990s, reggaeton has its roots in the '70s, when Jamaican workers moved to Panama to work on the canal and brought reggae music with them. Reggae's popularity grew in Central America and the Caribbean at the same time that American rap was finding its way south. The landmark development came in 1985, when Vico C released Puerto Rico's first Spanish-language rap album. It was only a matter of time before producers linked Latin rap with Jamaica's hard dancehall sounds. All they needed was to add a few native Puerto Rican touches like the bomba and plena rhythms (better known from salsa), and presto: a new genre. Reggaeton finally spilled over Puerto Rico's borders in the 21st century, as artists like Tego Calderon, Don Omar, Ivy Queen and Hector y Tito gained currency abroad. Even boy bands like Aventura climbed aboard the bandwagon, emulating a defanged reggaeton and signaling the genre's growing appeal.'

'Raymond':
'A male that is wanted by every woman who sees him. He has absolutely gorgeous eyes. Typically dark eyes and dark hair. He's one of the most sweetest people on the face if the Earth. He makes a great friend. If he really cares about you, he will make an amazing boyfriend who cares about you very much. He doesn't like stupid and dumb people very much. He's very caring to his best friend and will listen to their problems when needed. Raymond has problems of his own and he may keep them to himself sometimes but other times he will open up. A lot of girls fall for him. He is extremely good looking and handsome. He's one of the funniest people you will ever meet. He will make you smile throughout the whole day even if it's the worst day of your life. Some people love Raymond and care for him dearly. Raymond would be lost without some certain friends but he has a great life now and loves everyone around him.'

'Rylee':
'Rylee is the kind of girl you would never want to let go.Rylee is a funny girl and has a wierd laugh but its cute.She always know the right thing to say.She welcomes everyone and welcomes herself. Some people act like a bitch to her but she dont have time for it. Rylee has beautiful eyebrows and lips they are nice a thick aslo full. Rylee is always smiling she is so fucking cute she kinda wierd and sometimes get on people nerves, but people love her and don't even know it.Also got a Fine Booty'

'Rad':
'When awesome and cool just aren't enough to describe something.'

'Russia':
'A place that can be seen from Wasilla, Alaska.'

'Ricky':
'The most attractive and intelligent being to ever walk this planet. Ricky is loved by everyone and hated by no one due to his charm, charisma and stunningly good looks. He also happens to be a Don.'

'rice':
'Race Inspired Cosmetic Enhancements. (R.I.C.E.)Parts put on cars to make them look fast, when they have no internal tuning, and are actually slow as hell. Parts usually consist of excessivley angular bodykits, large rear spoilers, neon, sponsor stickers, chrome rims, fake "coffee can" exhaust tips, and loud, annoying paint jobs and/or vynils. Sometimes parts are do-it-yourself installed and are basically duct taped to the car. Most commonly known for being done to Honda Civics, but can also be done to slow domestic vehicles, such as a Chevy Cavalier, etc.'

'Ruth':
'If you have a Ruth in your life then hold on to her. She has a sparkling ✨ personality and her heart 💓 is filled with everlasting kindness and love ❣ When you’re sad 😔 she always is there to cheer you up and make you laugh 😂. Even if it is midnight she will be there. 💕. She has and glorious smile and glistening eyes.'

'Rush Limbaugh':
'what you tell somebody who is rushing you.'

'Relationship':
'A relationship is something that should have loyalty. That's a given. But, loyalty is far from everything. If you have loyalty, but not anything else, than what do you even have? Honesty matters greatly. Humility matters greatly. Communication is vastly important as well. Needing these things to want to be in a relationship with someone, is not being complicated. And it is in no way being unfaithful. I value humility over almost everything and I notice when someone isn't humble very quickly. It is extremely hard (it feels hopelessly impossible even,) to tell someone how you feel about them and all the things you like about them, when they already go on and on and on nonstop about their self. It feels completely pointless. They already know all these things about their self and have said them their self. It is the most unattractive quality.'

'rowan':
'a stick.'

'Rule 34':
'If it exists, there is porn of it. If there isn't, there will be.Only one known exception: rule 34 itself.'

'R.O.B.':
'R.O.B stands for "random occurring boner"'

'ROFL COPTER':
'Based of an ASCII picture and now a flash game. The rofl copter has its spinning LOL propellers and occasionally drops a WTF bomb or an OMG missile and the LOLerskaters below or the LMAO planes.'

'raw':
'syn pure, unadulterated, hard core, serious, no kidding, no shit'

'Rory':
'A really cute guy who you will once in a life time meet. He's funny and really chill. He's also the sweetest boy around. If you ever meet a Rory I bet you you'll be lucky.'

'Reagan':
'A girl with the name Reagan is usually a brunette. She is very loud but sweet. This girl can be the center of attention. She isn't afraid to say what's on her mind or do what any tells her to do. All the boys go away from her but they secretly like her. She falls for boys way too quick but never gets one. She is super attractive and very athletic. She is smart in all subjects except math. She will go beat up whoever she needs to. She is also a very supportive friend whenever you need someone.'

'Rick Roll':
'To send someone a link to 80s pop star Rick Astley's "Never Gonna Give You Up" video, making them believe that they're gonna see something completely different. The meme originated in 4chan's /v/ (videogame) board, when the official "Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas" trailer was coming out on the game's website but couldn't be watched due to heavy traffic. Playing a prank on everyone who was reading, an anonymous 4chaner said that the trailer was on YouTube and posted a link to Astley's song. Since then, the Rick Roll has been made countless times, not only on 4chan but on the whole of the Internet.'

'Rammstein':
'Rammstein was formed in 1993 by an assembly of factory-weary proletarians raised in East Germany. They took their name (adding an "m") from the location of a German tragedy where 80 people were hurt and killed as the result of a crash during an American Air Force flight show. The literal translation of "ram stein" is a battering ram made of stone. Word of Rammstein's horror romanticist blend of theatre and music spread like wildfire. One-time Olympic swimmer Till Lindemann would sing entire songs engulfed in flame from head to toe. The band's first album, Herzeleid (or Heartache), built on the grounds created by the band's live reputation. Scaling the German charts (and remaining there until the release of the second Rammstein LP some two years later), the album also introduced the band to the world outside of the Germany/Switzerland/Austria region. As Rammstein's second album, Sehnsucht (Longing), was released, the band was headlining throughout Europe to crowds of 10,000 to 30,000 people. Sehnsucht entered the German charts at number one immediately upon its release, and came very close to doing to the same in Austria and Switzerland. Within weeks, entries on other countries' charts had Sehnsucht rubbing elbows with Prodigy, Radiohead, and the Rolling Stones on Billboard's cumulative Eurochart. From there the fever spread, transcending any perceived language barrier. Somehow, the German language is integral to the Rammstein sound.'

'rag':
'Random Asian Guy/Girl. Someone who is dead silent, and, at best, speaks when spoken to.'

'rolls':
'1. ecstasy pills2. drooping layers of fat around the midsection'

'Ray':
'This is a difficult name to define because it defies many boundaries of human perception, let alone various languages. One of the closest translations that experts give is God or many other variations of that general idea.Other definitions are thought to be:TaoChiThe Great SpiritChuck NorrisEnergyInfinitySublimeectDespite various names being pinned to ray, its seems that all of the above examples cannot even withstand the magnitude of ray.The reason this name continues to elude even the brightest of human minds is that the idea of ray cannot possibly exist in a dimensional state. Ray is so powerful, it defies all laws of this or any other universe. Recent studies have shown that people who have attempted to comprehend this name have either disappeared, died spontaneously, or driven themselves into a pertinent state of insanity and/or catatonia. One common belief is that ray is possibly the grounds on which everything and nothing is based. It seems to surpass the idea of infinity. Quantum physicists report that this ray is Everything and Nothing. It or He is said to have unexplainable connections with the String and Superstring Theories as ray resonates within every single layer of the multi-dimensional complex and yet still exists beyond that point which is where scientists have lost the trail. Various theologists and spiritual leaders believe that ray is one who is, as they say, "The Answer". All attempts to understand this idea of ray have failed.'

'Rosie O'donnell':
'When you have to take a shit and it won't come out...then when it does its, fat, round and angry as hell as it tears your asshole a part. The pain stays around afterwards because its angry and loud...just like Rosie.'

'Robbie':
'A guy everyone is lucky to meet. He is one of a kind and a really great person in every way. He is the most amazing guy on Earth. He's a fantastic listener and gives the best advice and motivation. This is because he is so inspiring and has a great heart. He has the best taste in everything from music to style to cars. He will never fail to make you laugh. When you meet Robbie, your life will change and you will discover your destiny. A day without Robbie, simply, isn't a day.'

'Ryan Ross':
'The former guitarist/backup vocalist from Panic! At The Disco. Also, the only man I know who can apply eye makeup better than me.'

'Respect':
'Treating people in a positive manner that acknowledges them for who they are and/or what they are doing. Being treated or treating an individual in a dignified manner.Respect is earned and is never just given. BUT, you must give respect to receive respect. Meaning when you interact with an individual you treat them with dignity and in a respectful manner as this shows your character as a person. And the respect will be reciprocated. You must always behave in a respectful manner as this reflects on you, your character, integrity and values of who you are as a person.No one owes you respect until you have earned it, so there is no such thing as I will give it after they give it to me first. That attitude is a disrespectful action to anyone you interact with as it insinuates that you do not trust them to act accordingly, and implies that they "owe" you respect before you will give it. That will cause people to LOSE respect for you or never gain it in the first place. When you first meet someone, everyone is given the benefit of the doubt that they are a respectable individual. Questioning their integrity(respect) before you have even met them and "expecting" respect to be given without giving it yourself is insulting and condescending to that person and is judging them in a negative light when you know absolutely nothing about them.Thus,To get respect, you must give it. So respectful behavior should just be part of how you act as a person 100% of the time.'

'Redditor':
'An introverted and emojiphobic person who spends way too much time on Reddit to gain virtual internet points because they can't get a girlfriend'

'Rapist':
'A person that is found to have forced sexual relations on another individual.'

'Robyn':
'Robyn is a beautiful person, if you are to ever meet and if you are to ever become friends with one then don't let her go! If your lucky enough to call her one of your best friends then keep her, don't ever let her go! Robyn is a kind hearted, amazing and stunning girl, she's beautiful beyond words. Her personality is infectious and you will become taken in by her, so beware! She's so much like a cute teddy bear, so much that you want to hug her forever. She's one in a million, and I'm so lucky to know a Robyn. I'm even more lucky to call her my best friend and more! She's feisty, but is always kind. And I never want to lose her. She's so so strong also! More than words can explain.'

'Rafael':
'He is very funny,cool,loud,cute and smart. Rafael will be a very succesful person in life. He is a nice guy to be around with too. he is just an adorable and lovable boy.'

'Reem':
'A girl who has a witty humor and a girly sense of all that's good in life. She will always be there to hit you up with the talks and especially the laughs. She will define great memories, and she will be there for some of the most memorable as well. You will be glad she is a part of the colorful--but also weird-- experiences that contribute to your collective life.'

'Rack':
'A rack is (1) thousand cash could be within a rubber band. RACK & STACK are commonly confused in urban slang. 10 racks equals a stack. 100 racks equals one(1) book. 1000 racks equals one(1) bible. Also see stack bible book'

'rockstar':
'Someone who can stay up and party all night long and then wake up and take care of business in the morning.'

'Roadman':
'brother species to the chav. A roadman’s true love is the iconic north face black puffer jacket paired with some nike sweats and air max 97s. Chav girls love to date the roadman who acts the most hard. Use phrases such as “safe 1 my g” and “init bruv”.'

'Ricardo':
'A very cute and charming male who is probably the most optimistic person you'll ever meet. He can be a realist which is a very good thing to have a friend as. He could be a very very good best friend, or a very great boyfriend.'

'Russell':
'One of the best people you will ever meet. Is smart, nice, talented, amazing and hilarious. They make an amazing friend and an even better boyfriend. They are thoughtful, sweet, caring, adorable and you'll want to devote all of your time to them. They are a huge gamer and very selfless and loving.'

'Rudy':
'The perfect boyfriend; the best a girl could ever have. Even if you're upset, he'll always manage to cheer you up. Despite any arguments you may have, things will always stay strong with Rudy. He is gorgeous, sweet, funny, charming and just overall perfection. His jokes will always make you giggle, and he'll turn your bad day into one of your best days. He's the most gorgeous boy in the world and his beautiful eyes you could look into forever; they charm you and make you fall in love with him all over again. When he sings to you, even his little rap songs, he'll make you tingle inside and always cheer up your spirits. In conclusion, Rudy is the most perfect guy ever. If you ever meet a Rudy, you'll understand what I mean.'

'Roger':
'Male name. German origin. Meaning: Famous Spearman.Roger is a boy. An amazing boy. His smile could give you the warm fuzzies!! He's a hard worker and loves chocolate. He's impulsive at times, but when he takes time to think things through he can make magic happen. You could get lost in this boy's eyes. He's a bit of a nerd, and slightly dorky at times. Often Rogers are happy go lucky, but can get depressed every now and then. A Roger would do anything for you, but you should never take advantage of them. They require love and affection. Rogers tend to lock their feelings up, but when you open them up a bit they can show you a ridiculous love like no other. They'll tease you, but protect you too. A Roger would never want to hurt you and will always make you feel loved. He has a puppy-like charm. The kind of boy you'd want to fall in love with.'

'ROFL':
'ROFL is an internet accronmym for Rolling On Floor Laughing, and like all things internet it has adapted to nerd culture and has taken on new real-life use, though usually in a satirical way. ROFL can be merged with other accronyms to created super l33t acronyms that "r0x0r y0ur b0x0rs" per se. Some examples of the merged accronyms are as follows: ROFLAARP: Rolling On Floor Looking At Assorted Rodent Pornography or ROFLEW: Rolling On Floor Laughing whilst Eating Waffles'

'Rapper':
'A soggy potato with no life'

'Rambo':
'UK slang for a large combat-style Knife such as one seen in a Rambo movie.'

'Ram':
'Random Access Memory  1.Memory used by computers to store the currently running operating system, programs, and open files. Erased when power is turned off. 2.The thing a computer never has enough of.'

'Robert Pattinson':
'the absolute love of my life.'

'Red Wings':
'When you eat a girl out when she is having her period.'

'roach':
'1. In England, joints are rolled with tobacco to help them burn. The tobacco leaks tar, which can cover and burn the smoker's lips and fingers. A roach, in England, is a small piece of cardboard, often torn from the pack of rolling papers, which is rolled and placed into the mouthpiece of the joint. This makes it easier to hold and also makes it possible to smoke the entire joint without the aid of a roach clip. 2. In America, people tend not to smoke joints using tobacco, and what is called a roach in England is termed a filter in America. The roach is the end of the joint which cannot be smoked without a roach clip, because the smoker's fingers would be burnt. The roach contains the most resin and is stronger than the rest of the joint because THC smoke has passed through and settled on it with each inhalation. A roach is often saved and smoked in a joint made from other roaches, which is much stronger than a normal joint.'

'Rusty Venture':
'A specific sexual act, possibly created by Colonel Horace Gentleman and Tennessee Williams back in P-Town. The exact details of what constitutes a "Rusty Venture" are in question, but here are several possible answers:*Note* Most of the descriptions listed are gay sexual acts.1. When you jerk off so much your dick gets all red and sore. - Brock's description (and widely believed to be the real one due to it being the only act that could likely be something Rusty himself has done).2. When you take your finger and run it around a guy's asshole while you jack the guy off into his own mouth. - The Alchemist's description3. A Snake Venom - Shoreleave's description4. A Double Frogman - Colonel Gentleman's description5. When you fist a guy then open up your hand inside his ass and grab. Whatever you come out with you rub on his dick. - Watch's description6. When you take a girl out for a huge dinner but you don't let her use the restroom. Then you have anal sex with her and she poops all over your dick. So right when you're about to get off you take it out and blow shit-cum on her back. That's the rusty part. The venture part is where you eat that junk off her back without using your hands. - Ward's description7. A handjob that involves rubbing shit all over a guy's dick, a turkey baster, and both parties eating their way through something while in a bathtub. - Triana's description'

'Rabbit':
'The cutest thing to ever live on Earth. With their big ears and fluffy tails who wouldn't fall in love with them.'

'Rhode island':
'Many people think of RI as the smallest state in the county but in fact it's not a real state but just a whole pile of water.'

'RIG':
'Rig is an Australian slang word that defines a well fit chick/bloke. They contain a hot body and a face that does not need plastic surgery.'

'ree':
'The sound you make when a normie is in sight.'

'Rebekah':
'A smart, funny girl with the best sense of humor. Knows everything and is always right. Very pretty and can make a guy very lucky. Serenades cats.'

'Robot':
'A frequent member of the ROBOT9000 community. Typically a NEET or a failed normie. He lacks real-life social skills and communicates with other robots through posting feels and variations of an animated frog. Robots are usually miserable about being lonely and tfw no gf which can lead them to become suicidal. They are generally hostile to those they perceive to be normies and redditors invading and stealing from their community. Robots hate chad with all their being.'

'Romeo':
'A person who cares about the little things in life. They make everyone's day brighter and more happy. They are also very funny. Ifyou find a Romeo never let them go.'

'rage':
'To party extremly hard: Excessive drinking, taking of pills, boozing or any combination of the three.  Not possible to remember the previous night...'

'Ronald McDonald':
'McDonalds mascot. A clown that likes you to sit on his lap while he gets an erection.'

'Rosa':
'A very beautiful amazing woman. Spanish for Rose and very much like one. Closed like a rose bud and difficult to peel the petal layers but when you water her and let her bloom and flourish at her own time; it’s the most amazing beauty you will ever see. She will give you the jaw dropping WOW factor every time. With her looks and her knowledge. She is the rarest of the rosas. She looks strong but is delicate.She loves to be pampered and loved but most of all respected. This lovely flower has her ways. If you don’t water her daily she will wilt in your own two hands. If you mistreat her you will get poked by her thorns. Learn to love her for who she is and you will have one amazing electrifying woman right by your side. She will love you and make you feel like no other ever has. Her loyalty and friendship is one you never want to loose.She will honestly tell you what you might not want to hear but will always be by your side. At times she is like a child but makes you feel so blessed and ecstatic.Her affection is one of a kind.This Rosa is charming, dazzling and gorgeous but can also be intimidating.She glows of glitter all over her body and is ravishing in her own special way. This Rosa I will water thru out my life and hold tightly in my hands. I know the rosa will poke and the flower will close at times but I will hold her in my hands ’til she blooms again.This rose has a special name“Baby Queen”'

'Ronnie':
'Scottish origin: Great King/CounselPowerful. Has sixth sense of being able to read minds. An extremely intelligent person who remains under the radar(dangerous). Shows little emotion.Is usually very athletic. Great at many sports. A guy who if you fall in love with, you will forever love, more than anyone in the world. Even after a break up. An intense charmer, and wonderful person. Sometimes is very shy. Can figure a way to get through hard situations.'

'Ryder':
'The best boy in the whole entire world!! He's super funny and can make you laugh at anytime. He can make you feel good just being with him. Don't ever hurt anyone close to him he's loyal to his friends and will beat you up if you hurt them. There are no words that can explain how over the top kind He is! Don't ever hurt him because he has loyal friends by his side ready hurt you. You'd be so so lucky to know this noob.'

'Ronald Reagan':
'President of the United States from 1981 to 1989.'

'reality':
'A delusionary mental status caused by a pronounced deficiency of alcohol in the bloodstream'

'riches':
'To have a lot of money in the bank. To be able to buy a lot of expensive things. To be wealthy.'

'Red Bull':
'Critical Thinkers power drink of choice.'

'rainbow party':
'A type of party where several girls wear a different color of lipstick then each proceeds to give one or more guys a blow job.  The multiple of colors left on each guy's penis resembles a rainbow.'

'Rainbows':
'The thing that makes Scout cry.'

'Rodrigo':
'Rodrigo is a Outgoing, humerous person. always improving and leads his own way.They attract women to the point it touches their heart.They are great sex partners, will do anything for their women!Very strong person, And aware of things before they happen..'

'Rocky':
'Rocky is a person who is never afraid to tell you what's up. They're 100% real. They make the best friends because they're loyal no matter what, and they'll do anything for you. They have great personalities and are really smart but like to act dumb. They're really talented but hide it and they usually question their worth. But an all around great person. Also, great kisser. Just saying.'

'right?':
'A question used to agree with someone'

'rollin':
'I term used to define a drug trip, usually for 'hard core' drugs such as Exstacy and Cough Syrup'

'Reuben':
'has the most amazing smile, keeps a lot of people happy and just flat out amazing. he makes my heart beat just by noticing me.'

'Ralph':
'The name Ralph was derived from the Ancient Viking name "Radulf" who was a Viking King or Lord also pronounced (Rah-thool-fr). To decribe Ralph, he is a gentleman, dashing, Loyal, masculine, charming, rugged strong, very protective over his love's of his life. Compassionate, romantic, cheeky silly, comical, attentive, focused head strong.Very sentimental only to thoes he trusts, does not let his guard down to outsiders. Intolerant of thoes that try and hurt his life or family, faithful dedicated to one woman! Prefers to step back and Analyse things first, very pratical, Little badass.'

'Roast':
'To tell someone off with a bad ass comeback.'

'rick rolled':
'to be tricked into clicking a link of a Rick Astley video.'

'rice rocket':
'Any member of the front-drive, inexpensive, usually 4 cylinder powered class of automobiles that has had extensive appearance and stereo modifications in order to look fast, but in reality, is NOT fast.  A 'rice rocket' is usually characterized by a high sticker-to-horsepower ratio, massive Boeing 747 wing (apparently to hold the rear wheels on the ground), and an exhaust sound somewhere between a lawnmower and a jetski.'

'Rick':
'Be close to guys named Rick. They are good loyal friends. Ricks are athletic and kind. Soon, you might just see yourself dating a Rick after being friends with him for awhile. Ricks would rather hang out with real, down to earth girls then whores or people that dress like sluts. If you are a simple nice down to earth girl, he will fall for you so quick. Ricks respect relationships and other people in general. Ricks are amazing and they are not fake!! They are cute and good kissers. :-)'

'ramones':
'The best punk band that ever lived, one I would sell my soul to see live, but can't, because the lead singer (Joey Ramone) died. they were incepted in 1974 and gave their final concert in 1996. Members of the band; Joey (vocals), Johnny (guitar), Dee Dee (lyrics, bass) Tommy (drums), Marky (drums after Tommy left) and CJ. The Ramones were inducted into the Rock and Roll hall of fame, but Joey did not live to see this--he died of lymphatic cancer on April 15, 2002. the Ramones were inducted a year later, and 2 months after the ceremony Dee Dee died, on June the 5th. Some songs include Teenage Lobotomy, Pinhead, The KKK Took My Baby Away, Rock and Roll High School, and others. See www.ramones.com for more info on band members, discography, etc.the Corner of Bowery and 2nd Street in NYC was recently names "Joey Ramone Place" in honor of the great man.They are the founding fathers of today's punk culture, and they added numerous dimensions to the world of punk of today. If you are a poser you only pretend to like the Ramones because other people do.'

'Roy':
'An amazing loving kind full guy. He is protective when it comes to those he loves and especially to his partner. He is a kind, intelligent, lovable guy . He sometimes feels guilty for things that aren't his fault. At times he is sensitive and shy but that only happens when he is uncomfortable.Exactly The type of guy that you wouldn't want to slip away. He's loving and caring. He will accept you for who you are. Roy will always be there for you no matter what . He will stay up for you, when everyone else is against you. hes type of guy that makes sure your okay while he's hurting. He stands up for the people he cares about . When he talks you have know choice but to listen. He is a handsome man that knows what we wants, and how to get it. He can drive a woman crazy without even trying. Roy Is the type of man you marry and grow old with.Roy deserves to be the happiest guy in the world .'

'River':
'River is a great person and ussaully a great friend and overall likes nature'

'rake':
'a word you can use in substitute for a "hoe" or "whore" or "bitch", if you do not want them to know that you are saying bad things about them.'

'Remy':
'Remy is a gender neutral name though is most commonly used on boys and the name can also be spelt as Remi. Remy’s are a funny strong headed people they protect their friends fiercely and love to make their friends laugh. Remy’s are also secretive about emotions and hide them behind jokes for example if you’re friend is upset they will crack a joke that may insult themselves. They are very insecure and though they have their issues they can pull their shit together if you try to mess with them or especially someone close to them. Remy’s are a good friend but an all time horrible enemy and do not back away from saying nasty comments. They are not obsessive people and if a current good friend does something bad they can be thrown head first from friends to enemies. They are hard workers academically, socially and in anything they believe in, and you are fortunate to have them on your side.'

'Radiohead':
'Originally called On A Friday, Radiohead is a band that is miles ahead of the rest of the crap released nowadays. Ranked 73 in Rolling Stone's list of greatest artists, Radiohead is made up of five members: frontman Thom Yorke, guitarist Jonny Greenwood, bassist Colin Greenwood (who is the older brother of Jonny), drummer Philip Selway, and other guitarist Ed O'Brien. Radiohead has released eight studio albums, a few of which are considered classics. They are Pablo Honey (1993), The Bends (1995), OK Computer (1997), Kid A (2000), Amnesiac (2001), Hail to the Thief (2003), In Rainbows (2007), and The King of Limbs (2011). While Pablo Honey is not as acclaimed as the earlier albums, it is the album that made the band hit it big, as it carried their hit single, Creep. Other famous songs by the group include Fake Plastic Trees, High and Dry, Paranoid Android, Karma Police, No Surprises, Idioteque, Everything in its Right Place, Pyramid Song, Reckoner, Nude, and (most recently) Lotus Flower.'

'rock-n-roll':
'Here's a litte history for you all. Many people don't know that the term rock-n-roll was also a slang word for sex or sexual intercourse in the late 1940s and early 1950s. It was particularly used by teens or the younger people in those days similar to the way people today use the word "freak". Just listen to some of the lyrics and titles of the past 2 decades. "Rock you all night, Rock the boat, I'll rock your world." Because of the sexual reference the terem implied, it resulted in on of the early reasons why conservative adults back in those days disapproved of the rock-n-roll as a type of main stream music. It was especially in the early 1950's that the number of young people (under 25)in the US who used a car or truck as basis for transportation increased drastically. There-fore more people were having sex in automobiles. And when 2 people drove to make out areas and got "it" on the car would then rock back and forth.  Thus many people referred to having sex as rock-n-roll. Example is below.'

'Rio':
'The most amazing guy in the entire world. He will always care for you no matter what and he is really loving and just all around f****** awesome. If you know a Rio you are extremely lucky!'

'Ruel':
'6foot4 dude with curtains who loves bucket hats , food and doing weird ass dance moves !'

'School':
'A mentally and physically straining torture chamber that resembles a prison.'

'sex':
'sex is a way for young couples to express affection, and a way for married couples to make babies.there are many forms of sex- fuck (dick in vagina), anal fuck (dick in ass), blowjob (dick in mouth), handjob (dick in hand), 69 (partners suck each others dick/vagina at the same time), eating out (vagina in mouth), fingering (vagina in hand), and so much more.'

'Sarah':
'Not to be confused with "Sara" which is the complete wrong way..... if you don't have an "H" you aren't a Sarah'

'Simp':
'Someone who does way too much for a person they like'

'Scene':
'Now, children, please calm down. This website is for giving people clear definitions on a subject, not for puting certain people down. Scene is a sub-culture that is spreading around quite quickly. These people wear brightly-colored cloting, such as graphic tees, skinny jeans, childish bows, and neon makeup. They usually have a taste for Hello Kitty, Gloomy Bear, dinosaurs, robots, rainbows, stars, and polka dots. 99.9% of them have MySpace, Buzznet, Bebo, Friendster, Hi5, MyYearbook, VampireFreaks, or other social networking pages. They usually choose career paths such as modeling, music, photography, or business. Thier hair is usually 2+ colors and poofed up and teased. Yes, they may all look the same, but don't all preps look the same? Don't all goths look the same? Dont all emos look the same? They listen to mainly rock, techno, or random music. They say things like "kthnxbai" or "stellar, yo".  They have confidence and they dont like to be put down. Yes, I am scene and I think this is a very accurate definition.'

'Sam':
'Sam is one of the most wonderful guys I have ever met. He will always make you laugh no matter how sad you are. He cares about you more than you know, even though some people may think he is an asshole, he is the sweetest man. He would save you from an alligator as long as it didn't try to eat him. He is perfect in every way possible. Best guy!!!!'

'shart':
'a small, unintended defecation that occurs when one relaxes the anal sphincter to fart (blend of "shit" and "fart")'

'SWAG':
'SWAG stands for Stuff We All Get, typically when attending an expo or trade show. You get SWAG when people at booths hand out free stuff like pens, prizes, etc.'

'Sophia':
'Sophia is, in short, an angel. A blessing. Someone named Sophia is caring and kind. They always ask you how you are doing, and make sure you feel loved. Sophia is shy yet friendly, and attracts people to her with her loving personality. She is hardly ever rude to anyone, and when she is, it is most definitely with reason. Sophia is mature, being the one in the group to smile softly while everyone else is squealing. She is empathetic and loyal, and somehow knows when you are down. Sophia is selfless, helping you study last-minute for a history test even before studying herself. Sophia is incredibly talented, too: smart and artistic, she is the teacher's favorite without being a teacher's pet. Sophia is definitely beautiful inside and out, with shining black locks and wise, dark eyes. The doubt in your friendship with Sophia is whether you deserve someone as fantastic as her, yet she floods you with compliments each day. Just being around Sophia makes your day better. Sophia is the sun to your day, the key to your lock, the harmony to your melody: she brings out the best in everyone. Make sure you and those around do not take her for granted: Sophia is someone you will rarely meet in a lifetime. She honestly doesn’t know what a blessing she is. So, to all the Sophia’s out there: You matter. You have changed your friends’ lives for the better. You’re a gem. Sophia, whether you know it or you just don’t accept it, you are someone’s sun. Never, never forget that.'

'Slut':
'Slut is a derogatory term to describe a woman that is sleazy and will have sex will anyone or sometimes anything. It's more commonly being applied to shithead men today too. The reason sluts are sluts is complicated. Most do it for attention because they are so pathetic that they can't get noticed in any other way and young sluts in school become sluts because they think it will make them popular or cool although it usually just makes guys and girls think of them as thots and hoes. Other reasons get more complicated like daddy separation issues and bullshit like and some, usually very ugly, feminists think being a slut is somehow liberating or will prove to everyone that they are equal to men, although they failed to comprehend that men sluts are assholes too. Being a slut is seldom just about sex but is more a desperate plea for attention.'

'scene kids':
'Typical Scene Chick:-Choppy short hair.-Usually black however blonde and lots of 'strange' colors are used to make themselves look 'unique.-Bandana in hair.-Bows are popular-Heavy make up, usually around the eyes, sparkles are quite common.-Fake moles have been spotted.-Tries to pull of Vintage look-Usually really hot. But, we haven't seen them with out make up so this is questionable.-Dates only scene boys.Typical Scene Boy:-Long bangs usually covering eyes.-Usually, black or different colors such as orange, red, blue, purple ect.-Make up, usually centered around the eyes. Eye shadow, black usually pink or purple.-Tight pants, extremely tight band shirt. Sometimes a too tight jacket. -Usually DAMN sexy, however they do tend to be full of themselves and unfriendly to anyone they deem unworthy or not in the scene.-Dates scene chicks. However may branch out to preps.Both sexes:-Myspace.-Over 100 friends.-Girl pants.-Thinks they're not conformist.-May or may not be straight edge-Vegan Scene kids usually go to local shows have extremly tight groups. They may be there for the music but usually they are there for the social time. Scene kids are usually very picky about who they talk to and associate with. If they deem you cool they may go up to you and talk to you and act as if they've known you for years.'

'Soccer Mom':
'A white middle or upper-middle class woman in her mid-20's to mid-40's with the following characteristics:1. Her children usually have names like Zachary, Tyler, Kaitlin, Hannah, Hailey, or Dylan2. Husband is a rather bland person that works as a family practice doctor, attorney, computers, selling pharmaceuticals, or other office drone.3. Her children are always enrolled in at least 2 activities such as ballet, hockey, skiing, softball, and of course, soccer.4. Favorite hobbies that don't involve her kids usually include drinking Starbucks, shopping at Kohl's or Old Navy, or gossiping with friends5. Favorite restaurants are usually Chik-Fil- A, Taco Bell, Red Robin, and Chili's6. Religious preference is usually Southern Baptist or Nondenominational Megachurch 7. They live primarily in California, Texas, Florida, Atlanta, D.C., Colorado, or Arizona suburbs8. Vehicles driven are usually mid or large SUV's, Suburban's, or hatchbacks9. Her children are either home schooled or attend a private or charter school10. Her children are not allowed to watch PG-13 or R-rated movies, play any video games not rated E, play outside unattended, browse the internet without parental controls, or have contact with any adults outside of family, teachers, or coaches'

'Stephanie':
'Stephanie is a very beautiful girl that at first seems really sweet and innocent but once you get to know her is very fun and crazy to be around. She is very unique and the best friend you could ever ask for. She always has your back and will always be there for you no matter what. Make sure you never lose a stephanie because she is very rare and valuable there is no one else like her because she is amazing.'

'Sydney':
'sydney is generally a beautiful, nice, spontaneous girl. she is usually quiet and shy, but around her friends she is outgoing. friends go to her for advice, because she knows what she is talking about. when you compliment her, she is always flattered, but doesn't see it in herself. she is beautiful, and if you tell her that, it will mean so much to her. she is a great friend, and an even better girlfriend, who will give a guy all the time in the world. if you have her, never let her go. sydneys are crazy, wild creatures, but are truly amazing. Her eyes are a mesmerizing olive-green, and they turn grey in the winter. she has passion for arts and music, and is in fact brilliant, though she may not show it. if you and a sydney are friends, you can trust her because she will not betray you. she has a guilty conscience, so she will always try to keep everyone happy. Her body is perfect, curvy rather than anorexic-skinny, yet her personality is even more perfect. She likes holding hands, cuddling, eating food like a regular human, and mismatched socks. When she likes a guy, don't be surprised that she doesn't go for the popular ones. Her fashion sense is unique, like her personality. Her faults are singing too loud and being clumsy. Don't betray the trust of her, though. She gives second chances, but isn't stupid and naive. Be kind to her, like she is to you. Sydney is the most spontaneous girl you will ever know, and she is not one you should take for granted.'

'slipknot':
'The most liked and most hated band in the world. Some people like them, some hate them, but everyone has at least heard of them. I personally like them. (SIC)'

'shit':
'1. One of the most popular swear/cuss/curse words/profanities 2. another word Feces. Poop. Dookie. Scheisse. Poo Poo. Brownies. The Shit List: The Ghost Shit The kind where you feel shit come out, see shit on the toilet paper, but there's no shit in the bowl.  The Clean Shit The kind where you feel shit come out, see shit in the bowl, but there's no shit on the toilet paper.  The Wet Shit You wipe your ass fifty times and it still feels unwiped. So you end up putting toilet paper between your ass and your underwear so you don't ruin them with those dreadful skid marks.  The Second Wave Shit This shit happens when you've finished, your pants are up to your knees, and you suddenly realize you have to shit some more.  The Brain Hemorrahage Through Your Nose Shit Also known as "Pop a Vein in Your Forehead Shit". You have to strain so much to get it out that you turn purple and practically have a stroke.  The Corn Shit No explanation necessary.  The Lincoln Log Shit The kind of shit that's so enormous you're afraid to flush it down without first breaking it up into little pieces with the toilet brush.  The Nororius Drinker Shit The kind of shit you have the morning after a long night of drinking. It's most noticeable trait is the tread mark left on the bottom of the toilet bowl after you flush.  The "Gee, I Really Wish I Could Shit" Shit The kind where you want to shit, but even after straining your guts out, all you can do is sit on the toilet, cramped and farting.  The Wet Cheeks Shit Also known as the "Power Dump". That's the kind that comes out of your ass so fast that your butt cheeks get splashed with the toilet water.  The Liquid Shit That's the kind where yellowish-brown liquid shoots out of your butt, splashes all over the side of the toilet bowl and, at the same time, chronically burns your tender poop-chute.  The Mexican Food Shit A class all on its own.  The Crowd Pleaser This shit is so intriguing in size and/or appearance that you have to show it to someone before flushing.  The Mood Enhancer This shit occurs after a lengthy period of constipation, thereby allowing you to be your old self again.  The Ritual This shit occurs at the same time each day and is accomplished with the aid of a newspaper.  The Guinness Book Of Records Shit A shit so noteworthy it should be recorded for future generations.  The Aftershock Shit This shit has an odour so powerful than anyone entering the vicinity within the next seven hours is affected.  The "Honeymoon's Over" Shit This is any shit created in the presence of another person.  The Groaner A shit so huge it cannot exit without vocal assistance.  The Floater Characterized by its floatability, this shit has been known to resurface after many flushings.  The Ranger A shit which refuses to let go. It is usually necessary to engage in a rocking or bouncing motion, but quite often the only solution is to push it away with a small piece of toilet paper.  The Phantom Shit This appears in the toilet mysteriously and no one will admit to putting it there.  The Peek-A-Boo Shit Now you see it, now you don't. This shit is playing games with you. Requires patience and muscle control.  The Bombshell A shit that comes as a complete surprise at a time that is either inappropriate to shit (i.e. during lovemaking or a root canal) or you are nowhere near shitting facilities.  The Snake Charmer A long skinny shit which has managed to coil itself into a frightening position - usually harmless.  The Olympic Shit This shit occurs exactly one hour prior to the start of any competitive event in which you are entered and bears a close resemblance to the Drinker's Shit.  The Back-To-Nature Shit This shit may be of any variety but is always deposited either in the woods or while hiding behind the passenger side of your car.  The Pebbles-From-Heaven Shit An adorable collection of small turds in a cluster, often a gift from God when you actually can't shit.  Premeditated Shit Laxative induced. Doesn't count.  Shitzopherenia Fear of shitting - can be fatal!  Energizer Vs. Duracell Shit Also known as a "Still Going" shit.  The Power Dump Shit The kind that comes out so fast, you barely get your pants down when you're done.  The Liquid Plumber Shit This kind of shit is so big it plugs up the toilet and it overflows all over the floor. (You should have followed the advice from the Lincoln Log Shit.)  The Spinal Tap Shit The kind of shit that hurts so much coming out, you'd swear it's got to be coming out sideways.  The "I Think I'm Giving Birth Through My Asshole" Shit Similar to the Lincoln Log and The Spinal Tap Shits. The shape and size of the turd resembles a tall boy beer can. Vacuous air space remains in the rectum for some time afterwards.  The Porridge Shit The type that comes out like toothpaste, and just keeps on coming. You have two choices: a) flush and keep going, or b) risk it piling up to your butt while you sit there helpless.  The "I'm Going To Chew My Food Better" Shit When the bag of Doritos you ate last night lacerates the insides of your rectum on the way out in the morning.  The "I Think I'm Turning Into A Bunny" Shit When you drop lots of cute, little round ones that look like marbles and make tiny splashing sounds when they hit the water.  The "What The Hell Died In Here?" Shit Also sometimes referred to as "The Toxic Dump". Of course you don't warn anyone of the poisonous bathroom odour. Instead, you stand innocently near the door and enjoy the show as they run out gagging and gasping for air.  The "I Just Know There's A Turd Still Dangling There" Shit Where you just sit there patiently and wait for the last cling-on to drop off because if you wipe now, it's going to smear all over the place. '

'Sean':
'This is a guy that is one of a kind and that if you have the opportunity, you should snatch him up. He's had a past that is both long and hard but he makes the best out of what he has. He's funny and he speaks his mind. This means he can piss people off easily but he always has them laughing ten seconds later about the same thing. He's loving and affectionate though he tries not to show it. Even though he says being romantic is too much effort, he is a romantic type of guy. He keeps his emotions to himself until you get to really know him, though he doesn't like people really getting to know him. He's not a god send and he's not perfect but he's close in his own way. He's someone that you don't know you've fallen for until you already have. He's one of the best things you'll ever have and keeping him is what you should do if you ever get him.'

'Samantha':
'If your parents named you Samantha, you've pretty much been born into a life of badass-ness. You might also choose to be identified as "sam" for short- either way, you're an awesome female that is effortlessly gorgeous and glamorous, but still outspoken, loud, and not afraid to speak your mind. Guys wanna date you, and girls wanna be you. youre always the life of the party. sure, you might think you have enemies, but really they're just people that are jealous of your perfection. oh, and youre incredibly smart, witty, and funny. if someone has a problem, youre here to help c:'

'Suicide':
'When you get tired of fighting a battle you never even saw coming.'

'Shrek':
'An ogre Lord who believes onions have layers. Fuck Farquard and his shitty bowl haircut cos Shrek is better m8. After watching Shrek you get the feeling to 'Shrek yourself or wreck yourself. Chose wisely.'

'Sofia':
'Sofia is a stunning,beautiful girl. She is super happy and optimistic. Everyone needs a sofia in their life. She will constantly make you laugh just by her laugh. She can talk for 2 hours- she’s super chatty. She has such a big heart and she tries to make sure everyone is having fun and is happy. All boys think about her. Sofia deserves so much more because she is truly the best. Sofia can make you smile endlessly . She makes friends super easily. She is the best friend you could ever ask for and make sure not to loose her. Whenever you are around Sofia you are sure to smile and have fun. Everyone loves her, she’s #1. At first, she is a little shy but then she’s super loud and extrovert. Sofia is the prettiest girl ever.'

'Sophie':
'The most amazing person in the world. A unique, one of a kind girl. Often brunette and funny. Sophies are beautiful, very kind, smart, athletic, have a cute personality, and are keepers. She's understanding, an amazing friend to both girls and boys and she'll always have your back. She is one of the most beautiful person you will lay eyes on. If you ever meet a Sophie, don't let her go.'

'Samuel':
'A Samuel is that High School crush you never told anyone about but you still run into an infuriating amount of times after you graduate.They’re athletic and some of the smartest guys you’ll ever meet, but more importantly are genuine and stand up for what is right even when it isn’t the popular option. They work hard in silence and let their success make noise, yet always remain humbled by the process.Everyone who meets a Samuel describes him as a “stand up guy” who is good at most everything he puts his heart into. They often have a strange assortment of talents and can’t stay still for long. Despite their attractive and intimidating exterior, they still enjoy soft things and do their fair share of dumb shit when they think no one else is watching. Ironically, that just makes people love them more.Overall, a Samuel is the type of guy that you either love, want to love, or want to be.'

'Sara':
'Sara is so Gorgeous that you naturally want to be around her as much as Possible. If you underestimate how quickly she can make you fall for her, you won't be alone cuz She has no clue she can do that. Anytime She complains about a Boyfriend, You will be wishing you could show her how being a good boyfriend is done. Sara can be funny. She's super tough. The best thing about her is that huge heart. She has a way of making things feel better, and making people feel special. She is really mature. Just talk to her and you can tell she gets it. She's not one of them hoes wasting your time playing games. She's the kind of girl that you are scared of dating cuz She's too perfect to risk breaking her heart.'

'Sabrina':
'Where do I begin? She is funny, artsy, crazy, beautiful, trustworthy, caring, and so much more. Sabrina will love you to the moon and back, and listen to you rant over the phone at 2am in the morning. Even when she's going through a rough time, Sabrina manages to keep a smile on her face. And this might sound weird, but she's angelic when she cries. Sabrina will cry with you, laugh with you and share your happiness. She isnt afraid to hop on your emotional roller coaster. In fact she'll help you get through it. She deserves so much happiness, despite what she might think. She is utterly stunning and a good dresser. I've never met anyone who could make sweatpants look so good. Her body is goals and she can be athletic. Guys want to be with her- but dont think you can take advantage of Sabrina because she's a crazy bitch and trust me, she'll have an army of friends to back her up! Sabrina is too pure for our world. I truly hope she finds tranquility and wins the battle against her inner demons. She is a very talented artist and singer (YES YOU ARE SABI). Shes super sexy, her kinks might surprise some people but its hot and attractive. Sabrina is a girl that finds family, friends, and independence very important. She wants to have arguments with those she loves, she wants internal happiness, she wants her dreams to come true, she wants love, she wants you to fight for her. She is so worth it. She is.'

'straight-edge':
'Ideals invented by Ian MacKaye. Primarily focuses on maintaining a pure body and conscience by abstaining from drugs and alcohol. Promotes monogomous relationships (not mariage) and a vegetarian diet (although this is not essential). Ian MacKaye went so far as to shave his head but no one does this as a sign of their devotion anymore. Early straight-edgers could be identified by 'X's tattoed into their hands.'

'Savannah':
'A beautiful, smart, bright girl. She always has a smile in her face but she's most likely hurting inside. She holds everything thing so she doesn't hurt anyone. She's extremely outgoing. She always puts others before herself and is probably the most trustworthy person you'll ever meet. She can also be a perfect girlfriend. No one compares'

'Scott':
'A boy/man who is very adorable. He is usually tall, strong, and is very compassionate. He gives the best hugs ever, and his smile makes your heart pound. He is by far the nicest guy anyone could ever know. If you meet one, keep him close.'

'Soulja Boy':
'Another half-assed rapper from the south who only seems to rap about Bapes or getting crunk. Sadly, his newest song "Crank Dat" has seemed to garner the attention of almost every 16-17 year old teenage girl. He is the perfect example of the typical southern snap crap. '

'sleep':
'go get some.'

'south park':
'a religion practiced by prophets Matt Stone and Trey Parker.conflict of good (followers of Eric) and evil (followers of Kyle) is an important aspect of this religion.'

'savage':
'person who is fierce and ready too fight. they are not afraid of anyone.'

'soccer':
'The world's most popular sport'

'sexy':
'Something the girls in the example pictures aren't.'

'Skeets':
'to ejaculate, cum, get there.'

'Steven':
'A very cool guy who makes everyone laugh. Once you meet him, you will want to be his friend right away. He is super cute and very good-looking. He has amazing taste...in music, clothes, food, everything. Every girl secretly wishes that he could be her boyfriend...mainly because everyone knows that he likes commitment...mainly because he is sweet and knows how to treat a girl...mainly because however strange and wierd he may be, he's perfect. In his own little way, he is perfect. Yes, he is awesome!'

'Sebastian':
'dude stop looking up your name on urban dictionary'

'Shelby':
'Shelby is unlike any other. She also goes by the name Shelbster. She is perfect in every way, she's the best in the world but she doesn't think so. Be cautious with this. Know what she really wants or needs and be yourself. She'll know when you're joking and that you do love her and that everything is real. Let her know how you feel and don't overdo anything. When you're with her you cannot speak right and it's as if no one else exists. You won't know where to start when you try to tell her how much she means to you so you end up just squishing her as hard as you can. Be careful when squishing her because it can and will leave bruises or rib pain. Speaking of pain, learn to ice skate so you won't make her fall and feel horrible after. When you're with her you both feel a soul warming sensation. She'll always be on your mind and knows how to brighten the worst days with her amazing smile, which in turn makes you smile all day every day. She'll always make you the happiest you've ever been. She belongs in an exhibit because it's crazy not to be staring at her. Visit a doctor prior to seeing her, your heart will explode due to tachycardia otherwise. Make sure to know Arabic because she will tell you something very important in that language. While you're at it, learn Spanish. She is someone you will be around forever. You won't ever lose her. You will always be in love with her and miss her and it will always be mutual with her. She is the beyond the most important in the world.'

'Simple Plan':
'One of the greatest bands ever that gets ridiculed by fan-boys that don't want to admit their fan-boys. They are also the best thing to come out of Canada'

'Stoner':
'a person who lights a spliff, sits back, and reads all the defintions for a stoner on this website and see how much of it actually applies to them. and then laughs at how true some of them are. now wheres the lighter. '

'Sarah Palin':
'Tina Fey's doppelganger'

'Smarterchild':
'A sick and twisted Aimbot who pushed so-called "friends" to the brink of suicide!'

'sell out':
'Anyone who sacrifices artistic integrity in an effort to become more successful or popular (generally in music); someone who forgets their roots.'

'Scientology':
'A cult founded by science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard. There core beliefs are as follows: This area of the galaxy was once ruled by an alien warlord named Xenu. 65 million years ago his empire was overpopulated horribly, so to combat the overpopulation he had trillions of citizens called in for psychiatric evalutations and tax audits, where they were given paralytic drugs, loaded onto space planes, and flown to Planet Teegeeack. Once on this planet, their bodies were stacked in huge piles around volcanoes, while atom bombs were dropped into these volcanos, instantly killing trillions of galactic citizens. To keep these people from reincarnating in the rest of the galaxy, Xenu set up a special trap. Powerful force-fields kept their souls (called "Thetans" in Scientology jargon) from escaping, and these thetans were then shown special holographic movies about the various lies they are supposed to believe, with characters like Jesus, Mohammed and Buddha. Over time, these thetans began to believe Xenu's lies about false gods, and began to reincarnate on Teegeeack (but the thetans called this world "Earth"). When intelligent life appeared on Teegeeack, thousands or millions of "Thetans" cling to every native soul (er, "thetan") and fill it's head with nonsensical thoughs and irrational beliefs. The key idea of Scientology is to avoid tax officials and psychiatrists at all costs, while paying the church a large amount of money for special "counseling" (called "auditing" in their jargon) to help you reach a special enlightened state called "Clear" where you telepathically communicate with these "thetans" clinging to you and force them out of your body, and rid yourself of evil Xenu's influence. (By the way, most Scientologists don't know this, like the Mystery Cults of the Greco-Roman world, Scientology doles it's doctrine out in tiny doses to it's new recruits, and tells the public next to nothing about what it believes. You don't hear that whole story until you reach a special rank in their group called "OT3" for "Operating Thetan 3". Their doctrine holds that if this got out, the Thetans in people would revolt at hearing the truth and people would get sick and die possibly just by hearing this story, which of course leads people who aren't Scientologists who hear this story to tell it to others and watch them not die or get ill from it.)'

'Soul Mate':
'No one can predict when soul mates will meet. You will meet your soul mate when the souls are ready to meet. Fate and destiny contribute to the romantic bliss and happiness where both partners are so immersed in the strong karmic connection. The relationship between soul mates has a certain magical, mystical feel to it.The love is so strong the chemistry is unexplainable and sex is mind blowing. Destiny makes sure these people find each other and gives two people the opportunity to have a fabulous relationship, grow as people and learn valuable lessons. A soul mate relationship is a concert being conducted by the universe. With your soul mate before you, you shed the fears and masks that deny you real love. You both work together in balance and always striving for equality and respecting each others contributions. Love is the center of everything you do, the synergy will be magnified with the power you need to manifest your dreams together. Soul mates feel that their souls are connected no matter the distance. Everything blends together harmoniously, conversations flow seamlessly, you feel their touch when apart and their voice echoes in your mind peacefully. A soul mate is your twin, a reflection of yourself, someone that will hold your hand and walk with you in darkness. Your soul mate makes you proud and everything he/she does or says you find enlightening. A soul mate completes you.'

'shane':
'He's a beautiful man, GORGEOUS gray-blue eyes and a laidback mysterious mood that would make any grown woman fall in love. Very tall and sexy. Shane is a legend with legs. His smile is to-die-for and you'll probably get lost in his eyes. A little shy at first, but once you get to know him, he's intimidating. He's also a classic golf player. Shane. The word itself rolls off your tongue like silk or midnight oil. Shane, I need you in my life.'

'Sierra':
'A girl who has Good Vibes. She thinks she's super ugly but actually really pretty. She can sometimes have really bad depression but hide it really well. They have a past that no one really knows. They have really good taste in fashion, but have a different style then most. Most people like her. If guys like her they'll keep it a secret and reject that they do. She also doesn't think she can sing but people tell her other wise. She stands up for what she believes in and defends people. They have a smile that lights up the room and really pretty eyes. She doesn't date a lot. If she likes you its obvious. She can get made fun of sometimes. If she has a problem she isn't going to tell anyone. At party's she's the life of it. She loves to dance.'

'Skank':
'A slutty person that doesn't know how to say no to sex.'

'Snake':
'Someone who is two faced.Chill when you are aroundBut a Back Stabber and talks shit'

'Scrub':
'A guy who mooches off of everyone else and has nothing going for him in life. Probably still lives with his mama, doesn't have a car, a job, or a plan.'

'Satan':
'A few minutes before the services started, the towns people were sitting in their pews and talking. Suddenly, Satan appeared at the front of the church.Everyone started screaming and running for the front entrance, trampling each other in a frantic effort to get away from evil incarnate. Soon everyone had exited the church except for one elderly gentleman who sat calmly in his pew without moving, seeming oblivious to the fact that God's ultimate enemy was in his presence. So Satan walked up to the old man and said, "Don't you know who I am?"The man replied, "Yep, sure do.""Aren't you afraid of me?" Satan asked."Nope, sure ain't." ! said the man."Don't you realize I can kill you with a word?" asked Satan."Don't doubt it for a minute," returned the old man, in an even tone."Did you know that I could cause you profound, horrifying, physical AGONY for all eternity?" persisted Satan."Yep," was the calm reply."And you're still not afraid?" asked Satan."Nope."More than a little perturbed, Satan asked, "Well, why aren't you afraid of me?"The man calmly replied, "Been married to your sister for over 48 years."'

'Summer':
'Summer..Woah..Summer is an amazing person,no doubt!!she is beautiful without effort.She doesn’t even need makeup.Her natural beauty is enough to draw in many many guys,but she set on one guy and one guy only.She desires a future with him and will stop at nothing to make sure she lives out their plans together.She however doesn’t have much self confidence,tho she acts like she does.She strives to be good in school.When it comes to academics she won’t settle for less.She is caring and loving and giving unlike anyone you’ve ever met.She is a GREAT listener and she is someone you would want as a bestfriend.If you’ve ever done her wrong I’m sure you regret it now because,she’s the best it gets.She keeps her friend group small but is still nice to everyone.All in all summer is one of a kind'

'system of a down':
'a politically correct band with some fucking unique talent'

'smh':
'meaning, "shaking my head", smh is typically used when something is obvious, plain old stupid, or disappointment.'

'Seth':
'Seth is a keeper. He can be silly, sarcastic, and sometimes a little rude. But once you get to know Seth personally, you'll start to see that he has a heart after all. He likes to hang out with his friends and he likes to be childish, but he can be very serious sometimes.Seth is not a super big fan of hugs and he's that akward kid that doesn't care what people think about him but once you get to know him a little more, he will open up to you. if you're patient and aren't too annoying, you could have a really good relationship with him. He's a special human being and he is fragile. Teach him how to be a teddy bear and everyone will be very happy. He can be very sensitive but not all of the time.'

'salty':
'Being salty is when you are upset over something little.'

'Shannon':
'Intelligent, wise, beautiful, graceful, witty, laugh-loving, artistic, adventurous, intriguing person. She will greet you with a grin and carry herself well -- head and shoulders high, looking like she can handle any task -- but it might take a while to realize just how quirky and multi-faceted she is. You'll probably know the sharp-dressing, articulate, opinionated Shannon before you know the song-singing, weirdly goofy, low-key girl she is.'

'Shank':
'*stabs with pencil from pocket*'

'starbucks':
'a legal drug for white people'

'skater':
'a skater is a person who knows how to skateboard. you don't have to have a certain style or look a certain way. f*ck the stereotype. a skateboarder is simply just riding a board and bein good at it. skateboarding is all about being yourself and expressing your own style. so if someone tells you that you cant skateboard cause you're "too basic" or you dont "look the part" then you throw the middle fingers up and say "i can do what the f*ck i want" but dont pretend you're something you're not cause its hella dope to just be yourself.'

'stupid':
'Someone who looks up "stupid" in the Urban Dictionary.'

'stfu':
'shut the f*** up~ another kind way of tell someone to be quiet.'

'Squirrel':
'A promiscuous man-whore, who constantly seeks sexual pleasure which he calls a "nut".'

'STD':
'A ‘super technological device’this could be a computer or a phone, but it could also be AIDS ( Audio Inspired Device System ) e.g Siri or Cortona, or HIV (Helpful Intelligent Vehicle ) like a smart car.'

'Stella':
'Stella is a beautiful girl with a big smile. She is always laughing and will laugh at almost ANYTHING. Stella lights up a room as soon as she walks into it. Stella has a great sense of humor and likes dank memes. She is very intelligent and she knows it. She is a very logical thinker and a realist. She strives for success and she won't let anyone get in the way of her goals. When you first meet her, she is shy. But when you get to know her she is really crazy! Everyone wants a Stella in their life! She is loyal in relationships and she loves everyone around her.'

'Suv':
'Sport Utility Vehicle.  Neither a sport vehicle nor a utility vehicle.  A whack, fakeass (and successful) attempt by the motor vehicle industry to lure in overpaid middle class workaholic moms who think that they need a 3 ton vehicle to carry their stupid kids to soccer practice.'

'Skylar':
'Skylar is a young beautiful girl. She has stunning and such bright eyes. She is so insecure about herself and will never take compliments and always thinks she's ugly. She will never let you down, she will always be there for you no matter what. She is the most loyal girl ever! She can be shy when you first meet her but once she gets to know you and you get to know her , she's loud and she can be very funny. Skylar is very sexy and has a very good body and can be be turned on VERY easy, but only to the ONE boy she is sexually attracted to. However one minute she can be happy and the next she can be annoyed or upset. She is a very nice and caring girl but she can only be mean if she's provoked. Her smile lights up everything. She will overthink and get jealous ALOT! Once she has a boy , she will stay focused on just him. Skylar has a hard time telling people about how she feels. Overall skylar is the one I want and need ! She's perfect!'

'snitch':
'in the criminal sense a snitch will provide information to the police or feds in order to obtain lenient treatment for themselves and provide information over an extended period of time in return for money or for police to overlook their own criminal activities. Quite often someone will become an informant following their arrest. '

'SPAM':
'spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam '

'SpongeBob':
'The best motherfucker there is'

'Stephen':
'Stephen will drive you wild, he is the most caring, loving, deep, devoted boyfriend in the entire universe. I love him to death. Stephens like to know they are cared for, so make sure you tell them how special they are to you as much as you can. Stephens are the kind of people who could come into your life in two seconds and leave a mark. People may tell you how to feel about him, but never listen. Nothing is worth losing him. Stephens tend to dwell in the past a lot. They feel like the past is just as important as today, so try not to make mistakes that hurt him. Stephens are very blunt, they tell you how it is, and how it is going to be. Sometimes you want to strangle him, but it isn't possible to be mad for too long. Always be there for him, no matter what, he loves memories. He is the biggest sweetheart you will ever meet, never let Stephen go. Never doubt him, or yourself. He hates to be doubted, he will pour his heart out to you, and do whatever it takes to make you change your mind. He has the most beautiful brown eyes in the world, and they make you melt every single time you look into them. He is truly perfect, he's so smart. He has the best personality a boy could have, and he loves music. Sometimes you feel like he's too good for you, and he thinks you're too good for him. In my case, he's too good for me. All the girls love Stephen, but who could blame them? Just don't let your jealousy take control of your actions, because he loves you, and only you.'

'snap!':
'1. an expression displaying the slickness of a comment you just made  2. a word to use when u get shocked or suprised about a comment.'

'Stoned':
'A mind state in which you believe to be a inventor, philosopher, genius, or possibly all. Caused when you have smoked to much weed.A sure sign of being stoned is when you come up with ideas like an automatic basketball or you decide you can fly and Jesus was a robot.'

'Shawn':
'Shawn is the quietest extrovert you will ever meet, until you get him in is element. Shawn's are extremely loyal and will often make sacrifices for others. Shawn's are usually very handsome brunettes that like a heavy stuble on there face. Shawns are usually very smart but hate being stuck behind a desk and will persue work more unique then a typical 9-5. Most Shawn's are just waiting for a woman they can give there all for, there care for there friends can be seen compounded for the there significant other. Shawn's may seem to be very confident but they actually have confidence issues and may even have an imposter syndrome. Shawns are adventurous and like to be spontaneous. Shawns is friends with everyone he has a genuine personality that everyone enjoys. Shawn's love to cuddle and will be satisfied with a day snuggled up on the couch. Shawn's often go all in for a relationship and can get hurt pretty easily from disloyalty or rejection.If you've got a Shawn remember what you've got.'

'spoon':
'The most dangerous weapon mankind has ever known... So sharp...'

'sksksk':
'a strange noise used by 13-16 year old girls to express god knows what'

'Simon':
'A Simon is often a lovely natured cute boy, that is known for being kind and giving. Will always give out gum or sweets for no reason other than to be nice. A simon will go to the end of the world and back just to please the person he loves and when he loves someone, will make them feel special everyday and always be loyal. They often have green-ish eyes and brown hair. They have good music taste and love american themed items. Any simon is adorable and will be there any time of day if you needed help. They're never boring and easy to get along with. If you ever meet a simon, become his best friend, love them and never let them go. They will change your life and be the best thing to ever happen. A simon will also love to cuddle and gives out the best cuddles.'

'smash':
'1. The action/process of fucking someone good.1a. Hittin' it 1b. Tappin that ass.'

'Spencer':
'n. A Spencer is a guy you'd love to have as a boyfriend. He is sweet, loyal, and respectful. He's not afraid to be himself and he encourages you to break out of your shell when you're with him, too. He's a guy that you immediately are interested in, just with looks, they make you wonder and want to start talking to him. The minute you start talking to him you're glad you did, he's everything that anyone could ever want. He's fun and outgoing, yet so sweet and nice and cute towards his girlfriend. His girlfriend will get every other girl jealous and want a Spencer for themselves. He's a heart-breaker, that's for sure, but when he's dedicated to you he's all in for you. He'd do anything. He is truly amazing, and his looks are just a bonus. Holding hands with him & making long eye contact with him will give you butterflies for days. Kissing will give you probably the best feeling you could ever imagine, or better. Plus he is a pretty great kisser, just a bonus;)But, his hugs are warm and comforting, he is honestly the best thing a girl could ask for to enter into her life.'

'spider-man':
'A super hero created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko and published by Marvel comics. He first appeared in the final edition of Amazing Fantasy, originally titled Amazing Adult Fantasy, in 1962.  The origin of Spider-Man has been told many times in comics, cartoons, TV shows and films. Broadly speaking it is the story of Peter Parker a nerdy teenager bitten by a radioactive spider. This encounter leaves Peter with spider like speed, strength and agility. Drunk on his new found power he goes in search of ways to make money and after a wrestling show fails to stop a burgler from stealing the gate takings at a show. This man goes on to kill his uncle. Realising that he could have stopped this Peter learns the hard way that "With great power, there must also come great responsibility". He vows never to allow anyone to be hurt by his inaction again.'

'sublime':
'A punk-reggae California oriented band, with an unbelievable amount of talent.'

'sage':
'A perennial herb that grows wild & also people cultivate it in their gardens. It grows up to 3' tall & from 24" to 36" wide. It's highly aromatic & has blue, pink, or white flowers which grown on semi~cone shaped stalks. It's considered Sacred by Native Americans & has a variety of medicinal uses. It repels deer & is a low~maintenance plant. The top 6"~8" are cut & dried. Many Native Americans "Cleanse" their homes, etc., by wafting the burning sage around in each room & even in outdoor places. It has a calm, sweet aroma.'

'Slapper':
'People who like to slap like and slap the bass'

'slaps':
'crackin songs from the bay area'

'slash':
'1. Genre of fanfiction involving pairing two male or female characters together; characters are commonly shown with a slash in between 2. Famous guitarist, whose major bands include Guns N Roses, Snakepit and Velvet Revolver  3. Action of cutting or slitting.  4. Character denoting "and" or "or"'

'sheep':
'Someone who mindessly follows and emulates anything and everything in the name of fame/recognition. A waste of flesh and brain cells.'

'Squid':
'A young motorcyclist who overestimates his abilities, boasts of his riding skills when in reality he has none. Squid bikes are usually decorated with chrome and various anodized bits. Rear tyres are too wide for their own good, swingarm extended. Really slow in the corners, and sudden bursts of acceleration when a straight appears. Squids wear no protection, deeming themselves invincible. This fact compounds intself with the fact that they engage in 'extreem riding'--performing wheelies and stoppies in public areas. Squids wreck alot. Derived from 'squirly kid' also see stunta'

'Smexy':
'Smexy is a person who is smart and sexy!'

'Swamp Donkey':
'A very ugly, usually fat girl who hangs around in bars and clubs waiting to sexually assault males who are too drunk to defend themselves.'

'smurf':
'In online gaming, a smurf is an experienced player who uses a new account to deceive other players into thinking he's a noob (newbie). The purpose is usually to play against less skilled opponents who will under-estimate the 'smurf'. The expected result is that the smurf will pwn (dominate) his opponents and humiliate them further as they have been now beaten by an apparent noob.'

'S.T.A.L.K.E.R.':
'ScavengersTrespassersAdventurersLonersKillersExplorersRobbersThe people who inhabit The Zone in the game S.T.A.L.K.E.R.'

'Slag':
'1) - to spit.2) - a woman whom sleeps around, looks cheap &/or has questionable character.3) - the waste product of the steel making process.'

'Sans':
'The absolute best skeleton of all time and a hilarious meme. Came from the 2015 videogame Undertale and has been immensely popular ever since, and saw a huge popularity surge about halfway through 2018 with the release of Deltarune.'

'Slore':
'The combining of a "slut" and "Whore". Usually in terms of a real trick ass bitch, who can't keep dick out her mouth/puss/rectum.'

'Sweet':
'Cute+nice'

'Sus':
'Suspicious, but more... "lit". Used as a replacement for suspicious such as when a friend is being awfully quiet.'

'Shotgun':
'The defintive Shotgun Rules	 For all you co-pilots out there History Lesson: The Term shotgun refers to back in old wild west days, when a person would have to sit next to the driver of the wagon with a shotgun to protect them from highway robbers Rules So far 1. The Shotgunner must be in clear sight of the car, and shotgun can be called regardless of whether the driver is in sight of the car2. If you are the first to be picked up on a journey, you are automatically given shotgun, until you violate the other shotgun laws and thus, forfeiting your position, the seat is yours.3. You cannot declare shot gun if someone has previously declared shotgun for that journey.4. When simultaneous shotgun is called, there is then a foot race to the passenger side door from the all the people who called5. Shotgun cannot be called whilst inside a building (unless you are in a multi storey or underground car park!)6. Shotgun can’t be called in advance, only whilst on the way to the car for the journey7. On the call shotgun, if the driver wants to mix things up a bit he can call reload, this means that all calls of shotgun before that are void and the first person to call shotgun again gets the seat... and if you plain don't like the person who called shotgun.This is often used when there is a simultaneous call and the driver is unsure of the outcome, also a shotgun can have 2 barrels so a reload can only be called once.8. “The Annoying Retard Clause”- If Aforementioned annoying retard is in the vehicle, Shotgun rules are to ascertain who is in the back left seat as opposed to the passenger seat, to stop the annoying retard from his constant bitch slapping of the driver when a “yellow car” passes9. Once shotgun has been called for the front seat then back left and back right can be called, thus leaving the fifth person who is travelling in the middle (or the "bitch" seat if you will).10. Being as how everyone is created equal, men have the same right as women to the front seat of the car. I.e. women don't own the front seat! In addition to this, women give up their right to the social indignity associated with pushing/hitting/stabbing a woman in an attempt to reach the car first.11. In the instance that the normal driver of a vehicle is dead or otherwise unable to perform their duties as driver, then he/she is automatically given Shotgun. And a coffin.12. Once the journey is underway, the driver is the obvious controller of the tunes. However if they feel the road needs their full concentration, or they simply cannot be assed any more, duty is passed to the Shotgunner. However putting on crap tunes or allowing for silence when the ipod finishes a song or ANY instances of TAKE THAT will result in demotion to the back middle seat- the BITCH SEAT.13. “The Shoe Rule”: anyone calling shotgun must have their shoes on, this is to stop people running outside and calling shotgun, then having to go back inside to put their shoes on, thus slowing the journey and causing anger amongst all the passengers.14. Shotgun overrules Dibs, Baggsy's and other girly calls! There is no way to overrule Shotgun.15. Despite the debate, shotgun can be used to shotgun things other than the front seat (e.g. back left, back right, women, not going to answer the door etc). The only exception to this rule is when it comes to buying food. The one who calls shotgun for not buying is automatically subject to an ass-kicking and expulsion from the room, minus their wallet.16. If travelling with a couple, one of the couple must shotgun the front.....no one wants to chauffer two of their mates whilst they are sat in the back all over each other. Hereby known as the “get a room clause”.17. If someone has successfully called shotgun, this gives them no right whatsoever to correct the driver on their navigation skills ("take a left here you idiot!") or driving ability ("I'd be in third gear if I was driving") if the passenger does this then they forfeit their position as shotgun holder. They are also immediately subject to a swift and painful beating, and anything stated by the driver while screaming back is acceptable, for example “your ma”.18. If someone says "what’s shotgun?" after it has been called then they have to walk.19. When you come up to the car and you already know who is shotgun, the driver gets in and reaches over to unlock the shotgun door. If shotgun opens it before it’s actually unlocked, (this happens when the driver is still trying to unlock it and person pulls on handle) they have to give up there rights as shotgun. Therefore. Shotgun suicide!20. The successful Shotgunner, in the front of a vehicle, assumes the responsibility for all gate opening, takeaway ordering and question asking. He/she is, in essence the co-pilot and therefore the enforcer of behaviour in the vehicle and exacter of slaps/punches/water spraying/bag throwing at the passengers in the back.21. Automatic "Couple's Rights Act 1997". This is that, if the driver is the boyfriend/girlfriend of a passenger in the car, they have the right to the seat of their choice.22. The Pirate Rule - If One of the potential occupants of the vehicle is dressed (convincingly) as a pirate then they are given automatic shotgun. In the occurrence of more than one pirate then a sword fight shall determine the successful Shotgunner. Contrary to popular belief, this rule does not apply to occupants dressed, convincingly or otherwise, as ninjas. Ninjas are not as cool as Pirates. Get over it.23. When driving past a woman walking a dog, everyone in the car must shout of the window "who's walking who", it is the shotgunners responsibility and failure to spot a potential heckling results in demotion to the bitch seat! Potential heckling victims include but are not limited to women walking dogs/ fat people/ fat people walking dogs/ teachers and Tony Blair.24. When riding in a 2/3 door car it is the role of the Shotgun Rider to allow rear passengers in and out of the back of the car NOT THE DRIVERS!! This applies regardless of the weather conditions.'

'Swamp ass':
'Swamp ass can occur during periods of intense physical activity.  It is a condition where your ass becomes sweaty giving you the feeling that your ass is actually in a swamp.  If not treated swamp ass can lead to a more serious condition called duck butter.'

'Scotland':
'Gaelic name Alba Capital City Edinburgh Languages  English, Scots and Gaelic Pop 5000.000(aprox) Highest Peak Ben Nevis 1344 m (4409 ft)Patron Saint  St Andrew Flag  St Andrews Cross or Saltire, oldest National Flag in The world (still in use)Nation State within the UKScotland has a long and bloody history with as much internal conflict as well as having to fend off repeated invasions from such foe's as the Romans,saxons,Vikings and the Anglo Normans English.Scotland was an Independent Sovereign State until 1707 when the 'act of union' was agreed upon Joining Scotland with England and Wales to Form Great Britain.Although never popular with the common people The New State did bring Benefits for all three nations The British EmpireWas one such example with Scots playing a major role.By the time of the Industrial Revolution ,Scotland Was at the centre of innovation and invention.Glasgow became known as the second city of the Empire and The industry in Central Scotland and Clydeside made it known as the 'workshop of the world' Recent Times have seen a shift in the Nations fortunes With the decline of shipbuilding coal mines  and steelworks being replaced with technological industries.1999 witnesed the first Scots Parliament in Edinburgh in nearly 300 years.The current First Minister (at time of writing) is Jack McConnell'

'strongbad':
'One of the most influential figures of internet cartoons. also the inventor of such characters as Trogdor and the award-winning independant comic: "Teen Girl Squad"'

'Screamo':
'A subgenre of emotive hardcore and indie rock that formed in the 90's. Screamo isn't mainstream and you will not hear any screamo bands played on the TV or radio.Some real screamo bands are Orchid, Pg.99, Circle Takes The Sqaure, City of a Caterpillar, Piano Come The Teeth, Saetia, Anomie, Portraits of Past, I Would Set Myself On Fire For You, Indian Summer and The Saddest Landscape.Screamo is often a term used for bands like Bring Me The Horizon, Asking Alexandria, Pierce The Veil, Escape The Fate, Falling In Reverse, Sleeping With Sirens or any other band that has used the technique in their songs. Anybody who says these bands are screamo is wrong, they are post-hardcore or metalcore.They're part of the metal mainstream.'

'Stan':
'Based on the central character in the Eminem song of the same name, a "stan" is an overzealous maniacal fan for any celebrity or athlete.'

'SAT':
'**This post refers to the SAT Reasoning Test, a form of punishment infliced upon all high schoolers.1) A bullshit exam which doesnt test anything, be it IQ, creativity, personality, or potential college performance.2) A common topic of conversation amongst elite families during "dinner parties", in which children/teens subjected to this want to poke their eyeballs out with their salad fork.3) Is a major cause of teenage suicide in America4) Segregate's society, for poeple of higher socioeconomic stratas apparently have higher scores. This leads to even further separation amongst students, when in reality, anything educational should be promoting openness and acceptance of others.5) High performers think they're better than everyone cause they are getting into Harvard. O well, it's not like they had a social life from studying all night and day.'

'Snowflake':
'A very sensitive person. Someone who is easily hurt or offended by the statements or actions of others.This has nothing to do with politics. Snowflakes can be liberal or conservative. Whether it is a compliment or an insult is a matter of opinion and depends on the context.'

'shithead':
'a person whose brain is made of shits'

'sup':
'Sup is something cool people say. It can be used as a greeting. People say "sup" when they don't feel like saying whats up because it's to long. Also, people say "sup" because they get in the habit of saying "sup" so they just always say it. It can be used by girl or boy.'

'Society':
'Horrible, stupid, life taking.If you're not in the 'in-crowd' you're considered stupid, a loner, ugly, fat. If you wear darker clothes, you're goth. If you like louder music, you're emo. If you're a cheerleader, you're a slut. If you like pink, you're preppy as all hell. If you're a jock, you're stupid. If you're gay, you're a horrible thing. If you're bisexual, you want everyone. If you're pretty, you're easy to get. If you're smart, you have no friends.Society SUCKS.'

'Shane Dawson':
'Shane Dawson is "not a pedophile"'

'Steve':
'Steve.'

'Straggot':
'A straight person who does or is one or more of the following: rape jokes, is addicted to puffs, says the n word, sexualizes everything, or is basic'

'stick':
'"stick" is a slang term used in south florida(miami for example) which is used to describe an ak- 47, but is also sometimes used to describe a big gun(automatic) such as an ar- 15 or m- 16.'

'sksksksk':
'a word that basic white thots use instead of hahaha'

'staten island':
'The forgotten Borough where you've gotten into arguments with people who think Long Island is the fifth borough. You refer to Manhattan as 'the city'. You call the ferry "the boat". You can name all four bridges. Denino's Pizza and Ralph's Ices are the best summertime treats ---and you will wait on line for 45 minutes just for a vanilla chip ice! You've gone sledding at Latourette. There is only one mall... and it's called 'the mall.' It takes you a half hour to get to your friend's house... and they live less than a mile away. You know it's Prince's Bay, not Princess Bay. You would never swim in the water here. At least one of your relatives is fluent in Italian.You or someone you know has more than one matching velour sweat suits in their closet. You can smell the dump from your house but you're so used to the smell that you don't notice it anymore. You've gotten into a screaming match over a parking spot. Someone you know has a lifetime membership to Tanning Loft. Everyone you know claims to be 'connected.' You've hung out in a parking lot. You know the difference between Richmond Rd., Richmond Ave., and Richmond Terrace. You know that 'Mike' owns all the good diners. You refer to every highway on the island as 'The Expressway.' You've been cut off by a souped up Honda Accord with earth shaking bass playing. You have chased someone for cutting you off just to give them the finger. A development of townhouses has recently sprung up in your neighborhood. The shocks in your car are shot because you hit pot holes every 2 feet. You have the need to look at the people in the car next to you when stopped at a red light to see if it someone you know. You know never to walk on South Beaches sand with out Shoes. You've seen Method Man in the Mall at least once. The Monastery and Sea View aren't scary, just another place to drink. You own a North Face jacket. Everybody and their mother has a Nextel. You wave at the weird leg guy when you pass the North Shore, and sometimes he waves back.'

'Sauce':
'A slang word meaning source. Mainly in the comment section of a manga, Youtube, nh*ntai, etc.'

'socialism':
'Actual: An economic system in between capitalism and communism, advocating collective ownership of the means of production and distribution of goods.Slang: Anything that a right winger doesn't like.'

'Santa':
'A fat guy in red who comes to your house once a year and point at your mother, your sister, your daughter and say: Hoe Hoe Hoe, Merry Chrismas !'

'Sarcasm':
'The ability to insult idiots without them realizing it.'

'Stereotype':
'An assumed label given to someone out of pure ignorance and arrogance.  Often given by people who live up to the stereotypical standards of "preps", which is pretty sad.'

'Selfie':
'Selfies are a style of photography wherein1) the photographer's own face is included in the photograph,2) and the camera is held by the photographer when the photo is taken.Other optional elements are often associated with selfies. Use of a mirror is common, especially mirrors found in dirty, unphotogenic bathrooms. Bathrooms are a popular location for selfies since so many believe that the worse everything around them looks in the photo, the better they will appear by comparison.Immediate upload of the photo to social media is also optional, but generally not recommended. By reviewing the photo on a large computer monitor one has a better chance to find and remove unintended, possibly embarrassing elements from the photo before others see it. Upload of the photo after reviewing it on a large screen is also not recommended, since most selfies suck anyway and are rarely actually worth sharing.Having selfies be poor quality for other reasons (such as being out of focus or having motion blur due to using too slow a shutter speed in low light) is also a popular technique. Having the photo further ruined by application of bizarre and ugly filters and special effects, in order to try to conceal how poor quality the photo was in the first place, is also popular.The term selfie is often misused. Selfies are a subgenre of self-photography. It is wrong to use "selfie" to refer to self-photographs in general.The following methods of self-photography are NOT selfies:'

'seattle':
'The Emerald City, a gem to the Pac. Northwest. Home to the Space-needle, Bank of America tower, Key West Arena, Safeco Field, and Seahawks stadium, it is truly an up-and-coming city. It also happens to be a haven to people with -all- interests and styles of life, as shown by another definition to Seattle. And ohh yeah, we're smart, too.'

'Star Wars':
'The epic story about the dysfuctional Skywalker family.'

'Spongebob Squarepants':
'1) Sea sponge who lives in a pineapple under the sea.2) A surprisingly funny cartoon on Nick, in the spirit of Ren and Stimpy minus all the gross-out humor.'

'Sick':
'Slang for cool or hawt or fabulous.'

'Scumbag':
'A low life being with no morals.'

'scouser':
'British  Someone who comes from Liverpool'

'Swine Flu':
'Something blown far out of proportion by the media and the World Health Organization. It's just like the "normal" flu, excluding the fact that this swine flu does not currently have a vaccination.The media fails to tell you that the only people who have died of this so-called "deadly" virus are:1) Mexicans with terrible health care and terrible health in general who are living in close quarters.2) Babies and old peopleNote that anyone who has any remote knowledge on disease knows that these types of people die from the "normal" flu, and that the swine flu isn't some kind of deadly disease because it hasn't killed anyone that a normal sickness wouldn't have.Also take note of the fact that hundreds of people have gotten sick in the United States alone, and yet all of these cases were called "mild". Know that all of these "mild" cases have occurred in adults and/or teenagers, who would not die from the "normal" flu.What also is failed to be mentioned is the fact that a "Pandemic" is any disease that is spread worldwide. Thus, just because the swine flu is a pandemic doesn't mean we'll all die. The common cold is a pandemic, and no one goes around freaking out about that.This is another phase in the "we're-all-gonna-die" angst in 50% of the human population. It'll pass by 2010.'

'Sad':
'This word can be used in place where "RIP" is typically used. Used to express your disappointment or sadness towards what someone is saying to you in one word.'

'Savanna':
'Savannas are some of the most beautiful girls ever. They dye their hair a lot, and are over all adorable. No matter who you are, you want a Savanna in your life. Once you start liking her, it's hard to stop, and it's hard to not like her. She will give you butterflies every time you see her, no matter how prepared you are for it. Savannas have beautiful blue eyes and usually don't know their own beauty. You will have the strongest crush of your life on a Savanna, and it will last a surprising amount of time. You'll always want to kiss her softly, hold her hand, hug her, and play with her hair, even though you know you can't. You will like her before you really even become friends, so be prepared. Consistent daydreams about her are also frequent. While with a Savanna, your heart will break because she isn't yours while you have butterflies because you're near her. You can't ask a Savanna for a hug, you have to wait for a Savanna to ask you. Savannas won't want you to pay for things or give them your jackets, but do it anyway. Savannas deserve it all and more.'

'Sasuke':
'A bitch ass cunt that got mad after noticing {Naruto} getting stronger and went out to suck Orochimaru's snake cock for som new jutsu. And complains about how much he hates his brother and has to go kill him.'

'skins':
'(British slang) Rolling papers, esp. when rolling a joint.'

'ska':
'Three different types: "Traditional", "2-Tone" and "3rd Wave". Traditional came about in the late 1950s as new dance music straight out of Jamaica. 2-Tone is named such because whites and blacks came together to form ska bands to spread unity in the 1970s. 3rd Wave is when ska hit America in the late 1980s, and added a bit of punk flair. Also a very flexible style of music, incorporateable into other styles, which is why it's still around today and has such a large and diverse fan base.'

'Sasha':
'The most cute, precious girl in the world. She is a ray of sunshine, with the most beautiful smile, despite her insecurities. Sasha is a sexy little freak when her layers are unraveled. However, she has several layers to her and is very scared and anxious of opening up completely. She has the most stunning brown, almond-shaped eyes which suit her cute little face perfectly. She also doesn't realize how effortlessly stunning she is, neither does she notice just how many guys like her. Sasha is the most kind and compassionate and always tries her best to put everyone else's needs above even her own. She is quite emotional and often needs someone by her side to support her. She loves to be shown affection and also loves to show affection. Her biggest fear is being alone but she doesn't realize that I'll ALWAYS be by her side.'

'sausage-fest':
'A group of friends or an event that consists of almost all guys'

'splooge':
'splooge is the tasty, ivory-colored, creamy load a guy spurts out of his dick when he has a cumgasm.'

'Skittles':
'Fruit-flavored bite-sized candy. Also know as the best candy ever'

'Scally':
'I hate charvers, they're all cocks  burberry hats and burberry socks,  earrings made of cheap fake gold,  fag butts that they always hold,  they wear them stupid sports clothes too,  while they're 'bezzin' with their 'crew'  around the town, just hanging out,  they all swear and scream and shout,  they have a language called townie speak,  drink white shite and get fucked all week,  they're hair so full of hairspray it makes me gag,  "'ere you mate, giv' us a fag  fookin' this and fookin' that,  don't you 'dis' me burberry hat  'scuze me mate I fucked ya mam, gi' us sum pennies to buy some scran  meeeh! you fuckin' bastard boggers  di' you like me adi' joggers?  shut yer mouth or i'll shut it for yer  i don't need no court-room lawyer  going to prison is like fuckin' hardcore  waitin' in the dole line is such a bore  in me jail cell tha time don't pass ('ere jus' don' tell anyone I got fuck'd in the ass)!  me mums a slag an mi sis' a hoe u take ta piss... but boferd? NO! thats why i'm retarded and can hardly speak  but i'm tha best an' you're a 'freak' (mmmeeeeeeh!!!) well minted is the town cross,  we can go down 'market and just doss,  i like me ashlands and ta council estate" its those bastard charvers that I really hate!'

'Sassy':
'The definition of sassy is a person who doesn't put you down in a disrespectful way but rather a cheeky way, sassy people are only mean when taken to far or annoyed, so don't piss off a sassy person.'

'scoop':
'Cali term meaning to pick someone or some people up.'

'Sex story':
'I don't have one because I am a lonerJust like the people reading thisSorry for your disappointment'

'Slayer':
'The masters of metal. The baddest riffs (warning: Wimps may damage their wrist trying to play their music), the fastest drumbeat, the meanest voice and the most EVIL lyrics...'

'trump':
'(noun)the Japanese word for playing cards. Used either by Wapanese speakers or in Japan.'

'Tyler':
'Skinny, but fit. Brown hair and the prettiest eyes. The hottest guy you will ever meet. And has a great personality. He knows how to make someone smile. He is somewhat clumsy and awkward at times. He's a guy who you can always laugh and have a good time with. He can be really stubborn. He's loving, confused, caring, amazing. He is a natural born leader and is always happy and energetic. Tylers' have a lot of people that enjoy being around them. Tylers' know what they want and usually get it, not because they are spoiled or stuck-up, but because they have a great personality and a desire to become the best. When Tylers' love someone, they always think about them, and will do anything for that person. They will make excellent husbands and fathers. You can always talk to him about anything, at any hour of the day or night. He is incredibly sexy and has a huge dick ;)'

'Taylor':
'Taylor's are caring and loving. They have big hearts and are usually extremely sensative, even if they might not show it. Taylor's are also very good looking and have nice bodies. Taylor is also very successful when it comes to guys and flirting.They have a good sense of style and have nice hair. Taylor's often cause people to stare because of their nice figures and pretty faces. Taylor is a very funny person and will make you laugh. If you know a Taylor, make sure that you never let her go because she is an extremely loving friend.'

'twilight':
'A book series in which a young girl must choose between bestiality and necrophilia.'

'Thot':
'It can stand for 'That Hoe Over There'A thot is usually active on social media especially instagram and Snapchat. On instagram she can be found in pictures of her in the dog filter and is usually half naked. On Snapchat she is most likely posting videos of her obnoxiously lip syncing to rap songs, while playing with her hair, thinking she looks like Kylie Jenner. Probably wears Calvin Klein, Adidas and Nike hats. She has perfect eyeliner and contour and she seems like she doesn't care what anyone think's about her. She may come across as a fake, conceited, shallow dumb bitch, but deep down she is insecure and unfortunately the only way she gets confidence is by getting validation from men on social media by posting pictures showing off her figure and plastic face. Next time you see a thot be nicer to them, they still haven't developed fully yet.Hey but if you're a thot good on you, enjoy and embrace your thot life!'

'Tool':
'Tool: (noun)1.) A guy with a hugely over-inflated ego, who in an attempt to get un-due attention for himself, will act like a jackass, because, in his deluded state, he will think it's going to make him look cool, or make others want to be like him. The person may even insincerely apologize later on, but only in an attempt to get more attention, or to excuse his blatantly intentional, and unrepentantly tool-ish behavior.2.) Someone whose ego FAR exceeds his talent, intelligence, and likeability. But, of course, he is clueless regarding that fact. He erroneously thinks he is THE MAN!3.) Someone who others normally refer to as a prick, dick, or schmuck.4.) Someone who acts like a dick, because...well...he's compensating.5.) Kanye West'

'Thomas':
'The well known dank engine'

'TikTok':
'(adjective) To blatantly rip off someone else's material because you have no originality of your own. To record the exact same post everyone else is making.'

'Tumblr':
'World's first digital insane asylum.'

'tits':
'Women's secret source of power over men.  Having the right tits often results in social and economic gain.'

'Townie':
'In America, a townie is a person who has lived in a small town for his or her entire life.  Often proud of that fact, townies take great interest in every detail of change in their home turf.  Notable characteristics include: making fun of places they've never been (and probably will never go), remembering what used to be where that new building is, and getting fat after high school.'

'The Beatles':
'A legendary band consisting of George Harrison, John Lennon, Paul McCartney, and Ringo Starr(whose real name was Richard Starkey). Their music is well known and well liked.'

'teeny bopper':
'The ethnic group Hitler would focus on instead if he were alive today.'

'Texas':
'The only place that's more American than America.'

'Troll':
'Someone who deliberatly pisses people off online to get a reaction'

'taint':
'A.k.a. chad or perineum. The region between genitals and arsehole.Taint gets its name from the sentence: It ain't pussy, it ain't arse.i.e. 'taint pussy, 'taint arse.'

'twat':
'a twat is someone/something that is unbearably jarring, no matter how quite it seems to be , deep down its really fuckin annoyin. no one likes a twat and if you are a twat well just know that majority of your mates dont like you.'

'Thanos':
'An angry grape who has a rock collection'

'Tim':
'Tim is a very loving person who always brings out the best in you. He is always by your side and loves you no matter what. Tim is an intelligent man which will pay off in the future where he can easily provide for his beautiful family. Tim is shy, but when you get to know him he is the funniest person you will ever meet. He is a great listener and will care about you and make you a better person. He lifts your spirit when you're having a bad day and helps you get through life. He might have a pretty crazy girlfriend, but he loves her. Thanks Tim for a great relationship.'

'Tom':
'An individual, smartly dressed, intelligent, charming, charismatic, very good looking, caring boy who stands out for all the right reasons. Has a sensitive side that only people close to him see, a very interesting person with many stories that keep you entertained for hours. Has amazing eyes. Tells jokes about everything and makes them up on the spot, hilarious and witty. Loves music and films, Very lovable-yet he doesn't fall in love easily. Great kisser, Romantic and cute, the best boyfriend a girl can ever ask for.'

'TrueLove':
'A feeling created when two souls are easily drawn together in life. Once together there is something created that is so beautiful and strong that people fear, admire, and envy it. When you have found that person they suddenly become the world to you. They light your way through life and never give up when things get tough. You cant help but put them on a pedastool of admiration, always complementing and telling them how absolutly amazing they are. Making a sacrafice for them is no struggle if that is what you know you must do to be together. All you will ever want is to be together. To cuddle in your true loves arms every night and wake up to their presence each following morning. You know all their qwirks, what they like and dont, all their favorite places to be touched rubbed or scratched. You want nothing more then to share a life home and a family in the guaranteed happiness of the future. You are able to always say I love you and know deep down in your heart of hearts that it is so real. With that love you are strong enough to go through anything you are faced with and it is all you will ever need. If the world stops spinning or if the sun never shines again you will have that love. Always!'

'Tony':
'An extremely handsome, caring guy. Amazing boyfriend material, loving and sweet. "Tonies" have great listening skills, and will lay around with you for hours. Will write sweet notes, and never forget an anniversary or birthday. Capable of making even the worst days better, and cute enough to kiss, a Tony is the best kind of guy.As a friend, they are the most fun to be around. They know all the funniest YouTube videos, and are the best at every video game. Can talk about anything with them for hours, and never get bored. Very loyal, and always willing to help out.A Tony is a very independent, strong-willed guy with a good head on his shoulders and a smile on his chiseled jawline. He's optimistic and cheerful, and has a beautiful smile.Any girl would be LUCKY to get a Tony.'

'Turkey':
'A male body part that often resembles the characteristic throat of a large bird native to America.'

'Tristan':
'Tristan is a loyal guy who will be there for you until the end. He is outgoing and fun on the outside but he holds secrets and insecurities on the inside. If you find a friend in him then he will be a great person or boyfriend to have. Tristan has a great sense of humour.'

'twitter':
'The new replacement for the walls of a public toilet. A place to write one's thoughts, often while sitting on a toilet, hoping the public will read them.'

'Tupac':
'Charismatic rapper and actor.  Murdered at the age of 25 in Las Vegas in a drive by shooting. Professor of Communications Murray Forman, of Northeastern University described Tupac as a "prolific artist" who was "driven by a terrible sense of urgency" in a quest to "unify mind, body, and spirit. " '

'the game':
'A game, The sole object of which is to not remember that you are playing it. As soon as you remember that it exists, you have lost and must start again.'

'teacher':
'demon that works in hell'

'Trumping':
'Making a claim or offering an opinion on a subject for which you have absolutely no experience or knowledge; Talking out of your ass; Derived from the surname Trump for obvious reasons. Always capitalized to distinguish from the homonym trumping.'

'Taco bell':
'cheap alternative to laxatives'

'Trinity':
'Trinity is atcaully very quiet when u meet her, but once u become friends, she is crazy AF. She is very athletic (anything that can hurt people and is on a mat) and is EXTREMLY COMPETITIVE. She is confusing and weird. She doesn't consider her self smart but really is. She has LOTS of GUY & GIRL friends. When u make her mad, just know she finna go off. It's rare for her to fight. Well, that's Trinity.'

'Tommy':
'He is usually a great person, attractive and to die for. He is just amazing and everyone loves him. He has girls around him all the time just because he is just amazing. Everyone loves him. He makes you feel better when your down and he will talk to you about anything. He is very understanding and very over prospective.'

'teenager':
'one who is better prepared for the zombie apocalypse but not tomorrow's math test'

'Tony Blair':
'Tony Blair is a man who advocates Democracy, but does not understand what it is'

'Taylor Swift':
'Taylor Swift is an American songwriter/ pop star. Taylor Swift has two cats, Meredith and Olivia. Her favorite colors are purple and white. Taylor was born on December 13, 1989. Her lucky number is 13. Taylor is an inspirational person and has won lots of awards. Her music is catchy and easy to be addicted to.'

'Tara':
'Tara is a girl who is absolutely perfect and beautiful. She may be shy at first, but once you get to know her she could be friendly, crazy and loving. She supports all her friends and helps them through all their problems. Tara is a caring person and will always be there for someone.'

'Tori':
'Beautiful inside and out but she doesn't see it. Very skinny but doesn't like it. Very athletic. Competitive. Loves attention but doesn't get it often. Kinda awkward and knows it. Always busy. Stressed and hurt. She tries so hard and nobody notices. She just wants to be loved'

'teabag':
'1) To insert one's nuts into the mouth of another (of either gender), usually while they are sleeping.  Can either be a situation of laughter or of excruciating pain, depending on whether the victim is a biter. 2) When after being brutally killed in Halo 2, your opponent squats repeatedly on you, imitating the act of dipping his balls on you.  Rather humiliating, especially when there's more than one of them doing it. 3) A small bag of dried herbs, that magically makes tea when you add water and give it some time to steep. 4) The scrotum of a man who has had his testicles removed.'

'TIME':
'What you're wasting by searching this word on Urban Dictionary.'

'Tanner':
'Tanner is the guy anyone can find attractive , mainly because of his unique personality. Hes so sweet, tall, usually found to have brown or blonde hair and has a soft spot with certain people, but he also can get angry and upset easily so watch out. He can be a player at times but he wont if hes with the one he wants'

'thats what she said':
'a sexual inuendo, if something can be said in the bedroom but is said in an everyday conversation you can say thats what she said'

'Trevor':
'Trevor’s are downright amazing. Good at everything, they rarely find a game or sport or task that is difficult for them. Supportive, loyal, funny, and kind. They choose their words carefully and are the sweetest and most gentle men. They are extremely good looking but don’t know it. Bright grey-blue eyes, tall, lean, & muscular, they can complete any physical task asked of them. They are fantastic builders and fixers, and take their time to complete projects correctly. He’ll fix your sink, make you laugh while doing it, then kiss you so lovingly it makes your legs weak. Big, strong hands you can melt into. They are loyal and patient boyfriends who turn into rugged, patient, playful husbands and are the best fathers. Don’t ever cross a Trevor- chances are he’ll forgive you, but he’ll never forget what you did. It takes a lot for him to truly open up to you, and he usually only has a couple of close friends. He’s friendly but cautious of new people. Loves babies and dogs, will tolerate cats. A natural protector, lover, caregiver, and friend. Has the best laugh and most genuine smile. Nothing about Trevor is fake. Difficult to get to the core of, but when you get there you’ll never need another man. Overall, the best kind of man is a Trevor.'

'Travis':
'Travis is cool peoples but don't fall for that shyness and charm. Travis has a need to fill and will sleep with everyone, moving from bed to bed. Very skilled in sex so that mouth and tongue down there will have you turnt up! Travis will hit it and then leave after getting what he came for, whatever that might be. Travis does not stick around. You might get 10-15 minutes of talk time afterwards but don't count on it. Always on the prowl for something else so Travis might see you again, but chances are, Travis won't. If Travis does happen to see you again, it just means no one else is available. After Travis is satisfied, Travis WILL ghost you again. Beware.'

'Timothy':
'The most handsome man I've ever met with the most amazing smile I've ever seen. He has a great personality whether it's how funny he is or just how he's the most honest person I've ever met. He talks with the cutest little southern accent that just gives me puppies in my heart. He knows how to make me smile when it seems like I'm having the worst of days. He makes me feel safer than anybody has ever made me feel before. He's fun to hang around and can do some of the goofiest things I've ever seen that I just can't help to love. He cares more than most and will do anything for anybody that won't take advantage of it. He's gone through a lot, maybe even too much, but he continues on with his life and prospers. He's a future pbr world champion ;) He's the kinda man you hope to have in your life for a very long time, if not forever. The kinda guy you would love to have as your best friend, your boyfriend, or maybe even your future child's father. The kinda guy that I just absolutely adore and am proud to call mine.'

'Tight':
'The late 90's/2000 term for something that is cool.'

'Trash':
'When your entire reason of existing is a certain thing, you are ____ trash. More obsessed than a fan, but not a stan.'

'turd burglar':
'When you finally find an empty public restroom for a dump so massive that it requires complete solitude for the deposit....and then someone walks in.(especially at your office/work place)'

'Trap':
'A crossdresser, usually a fictional character in an anime, who dresses up in the opposite gender's clothing to trick people into thinking that they're the opposite gender. Term comes from the anime trope of a character dressing up in drag to trick people into thinking that they're the opposite gender.Not to be confused with transgenderism, which is a person transitioning to the opposite gender.'

'turtle':
'a smart lil sea boi! turtles r good for the environment and are very friendly!! they may walk slow but they are cute and adorable. do not hate on turtles :,)'

'Trey':
'Trey has a huge dong typically 15-20 inches longHe is normally blonde and hilariousEvery girl will remember his huge peen inside their wet pussy craving it constantly'

'tea':
'the best kind of gossip, typically shared between friends. it’s a bonding tool for people of all ages. tea is usually about someone you know, but can also extend to celebrities random internet scandals, etc.'

'trees':
'A slang for  Weed, Pot, Poht, Grass, etc.'

'twink':
'A "twink" is usually considered a homosexual male with attractive, boyish qualities. Typically from the ages of 18-25, and often thought as a young, white, fashionable male.Most likely a term coined from the snack cake "Twinkie"; a pretty, yellow cake with a thick cream filling, and most importantly, nearly phallic in shape.'

'T.J':
'A fighter. He stands up for what he believes in. Is one of the strongest guys I know. Has a beautiful girlfriend. Has a wonderful set of friends, but not much of a family. Is, I dare to say, hot. He can lead when he needs to but mostly tends to himself. Smart, funny, sometimes loud, sometimes dead quiet. A friend, a son, a brother, a boyfriend, and a fighter till the end.'

'Thicc':
'When a person has fat in the right places, creating sexy curves.'

'Trent':
'If you meet a Trent, do not let him go. He will treat you like gold, and want you to feel happy all the time. He is hot, sexy, cute, very well endowed in the lower areas, and caring. He has the most amazing eyes and the sexiest voice. He can get easily aggravated, but has the ability to calm himself down in a matter of minutes. He will be the best thing in your life guaranteed. I have never met a more amazing man, and I want to spend my life with him.'

'Try-hard':
'Somebody whose effort level and emotional investment is excessively high for the level of play in which they are compteting.'

'tiffany':
'The girl that will always be laughing. You never get tired of it. Her laugh is not that slutty kind, but the voice that is true and meaningful. You think about that jewelry store when you hear her name, but she IS a jewel. She'll always be there. But you can't grab a Tiffany and make her yours because she is special. Perfect in every way, but hard to get, just like a jewel.'

'Thundercunt':
'A term used to describe a person who is acting like such a cunt, that they alter the Earth's meteorological behaviour, resulting in near-apocalyptic storms with lethal levels of thunder. This is the worst level of cunt you can get.'

'Troy':
'A Troy will make the best boyfriend/guyfriend ever. With their big brown eyes, and heart-melting smile its hard not to fall for them. They are different, in a beautiful way. They are there when you need them, and they value their friendships. They like to look good, and dress well. Handsome, and charming. Very successful at life, make great Dads. Known to be players but when they meet that special girl, their sold. Troy's come off as tough and solid, but deep down, their soft side comes out and you see the sweet gentleman in them. They're not popular, but not a loner either. They have a really laid back attitude about themselves, but at the same time they can be the life of the party, because they get people going and get them laughing. Even though they can be a jerk at times, they mean well and are really the nicest guys ever. If you have a Troy, don't let him go....none other compares.'

'Theo':
'That friend who just genuinely does not give a fuck. Theos are fun to hang out with but never overdo it. Theos are good long term friends because he is loyal above all else.'

'thick':
'nice ass, nice legs, not skinny, with meat on your bones. thickness is the shit.'

'Tom Cruise':
'Movie star who only uses 2 facial expressions in every movie he's in: smiling and not smiling.'

'tank':
'1. Any person who is exceptionally large, either in terms of height, wieght; being built. 2. Any person who is exceptionally strong.'

'Turd':
'A turd is someone you hate immediately without even knowing them.Nine out of ten times, your first impressions of them were right on.There is an old Buddhist saying…”No matter how much you wash a turd, it will not come clean.”This saying means that some people are beyond saving. They are turds...'

'Toronto':
'Toronto is Akshay Kumar's Home.After looting India & delivering 80 Flops, Akshay Kumar's ambitious dream to spend his whole life in his homeland called Toronto.'

'Tramp Stamp':
'A tattoo above a woman's ass crack.'

'Toast':
'To roast someone in a playful manner in order to maintain good relations with them. Furthermore, a toast may be given to someone if they are too much of a pussy to handle a whole roast.'

'trick':
'1. Any man who lets women use him for his wallet. It comes from the term prostitutes use to describe the men who pay them for sex.2. Any punk or fool who acts as bitch made as a trick does3. A woman who acts like a tease or tries to make men into tricks or even any slut'

'tab':
'1) Acid (LSD) 2) Cigarettes in Newcastle Upon Tyne'

'top':
'the one who I N S E R T S inside their partner (mostly homosexual couples)'

'Tia':
'Tia is an amzing girl she is so pretty and so is her personality if she is in your life you will know that she is amazing but shes taken by me and only me and oh god i love her but she has one flaw and only one she is terrible at replying back to texts XD'

'Ty':
'An amazing, wonderful and sweet guy. Looks tough and mean on the outside but is actually a big, sweet goofball. Has a big heart, but an even bigger cock. Great in bed and in any relationship for that fact.'

'townies':
'In the United States, a "townie" of college age has always been someone who never left their hometown, and adult "townies" are those old guys in college towns who hang around the bars wondering when the semester's going to end and all these damn college kids are going to go home. '

'Trolling':
'Trolling – (verb), as it relates to internet, is the deliberate act, (by a Troll – noun or adjective), of making random unsolicited and/or controversial comments on various internet forums with the intent to provoke an emotional knee jerk reaction from unsuspecting readers to engage in a fight or argumentTrolling on-line forums as described above is actually analogous to the fishing technique of “trolling”, where colorful baits and lures are pulled behind a slow moving boat, often with multiple fishing lines, covering a large bodies of water, such as a large lake or the ocean. The trolling lures attract unsuspecting fish, intriguing them with the way they move through the water, thus enticing these foolish fish to “take the bait”. Not unlike unsuspecting internet victims, once hooked, the fish are reeled in for the catch before they realize they have been duped by the Troll/Fisherman'

'teletubbies':
'Baby gorillas, whom, because of their small and morbidly obese build, became perfect subjects for a top secret experiment dubbed, "teletubbies".  Kidnapped from their native habitat, they were strapped down hooting and screaming onto operation tables. Their stomachs were removed and replaced with a crude malfunctioning television set, which recieved its signals from a implanted attenna on the top of its head. Because the attenna's reciever must be outside of the body, a hole is drilled through the baby gorilla's brain, making a pathway to stick the electrical equipment through. Unfortunately, this only resulted in having the entire cast of teletubbies having the combined intelligence of tupperware.  To feed the disillusioned apes, a special diet consisting of purified ethanol (tubby toast), and lead paint oatmeal (tubby custard) to keep the seditious thoughts of the infants surpressed. A fake sun watches over them with a ensuringly peaceful baby's face on it to keep the tubbies close to their safety dome. When a tubby escapes, the sun makes a blood-curdling cry, calling upon the dome janitor, a robot vacuum cleaner named "snoo snoo" to hunt down and kill the escapee by devouring it with it's mighty vacuum, grinding the hapless tubby and using it's remains as fertilizer for the vast lush gardens surrounding the dome.  Occasionally when the time is just right, the tubbies may be able to recieve radio waves with their broken attennas, allowing them to eavesdrop on their human overseers, yet baffled by the simplest tasks we can do, such as showering or cooking an egg.'

'Trogdor':
'Trogdor: (1) The mythical creature created by Strong Bad in response to an e-mail asking him if he knew how to draw dragons.   Reputed to have once been a man, then a dragon-man, and now primarily a dragon, Trogdor is composed of an S-shaped body, teeth and scales made of "consummate V's", a muscular arm extending from the back of his neck, small wings, and two stick legs.   Reputedly a vicious being who routinely lays waste to the countryside and the peasants who inhabit it, he is also known by his full name, "Trogdor the Burninator". (2) Any foolish and absurd individual who is highly destructive and hot-tempered. (3) Someone who wants to be taken seriously, but comes across as ludicrous and irritating.'

'Toby':
'Not gay'

'The Used':
'The Used is an awesome band that hails from Oram, Utah. Their mellodic songs are enhanced by Bert McCraken's (lead singer) ability to scream to perfection.'

'target':
'A store that prides itself on working people to death. Clock in at Target and you have no idea when you're actually getting off, scheduled hours mean nothing. They have a bizarre alphabet-soup way of describing everyone's position that no one understands, and everyone in management is called some kind of "leader".   '

'the shit':
'The best.  This word is very interesting.  The important part of it is without THE, an entirely different meaning applies.  My teacher is shit= bad teacher.  My teacher is THE shit = greatest teacher'

'Timmy':
'that quiet kid that always gets left behind especially in dangerous situations'

'truths':
'Inscriptions on documents that vary from Drawings that correspond into "jokes" to Passages that demote the reasoning for life.'

'thong':
'A permanent wedgie that you will never get rid of'

'Tina':
'Tina = 'See with your Heart'Tina is very beautiful, caring, sweet, kind heart and beautiful soul.Tina will bring a smile to your face with every word and you will be dazed whenyou look into her beautiful eyes. Every guy dreams of finding Tina in life and onceyou do never let her go and treat her with respect and love :) Also dont forgether cheeky side, Tina does have one and you will laugh all night so make sureto bring it out in her xoxo'

'Tbh':
'To be honest'

'Tessa':
'a wonderful girl, loves to sing, is dorky at times but beautiful, if you ever date her never let her go, she will complete your life if you have a hole in your heart find Tessa'

'T-series':
'PewDiePie’s current bitch while they sit in 2nd place for most subscribed youtube channel, not that it actually matters anymore, because every good content creators channel is going to die, including pewds, thanks to article 13.'

'Trumpet':
'Trumpet (deriving from the english words "trump" and "pet") is used to describe the supporters and fans of 2016 Presidental Candidate Donald J. Trump.The fact that the supporters themselves often sound like actual untuned trumpets when they scream "USA, USA, USA", is just a coincidental bonus.'

'the oc':
'TV show full of hot girls and troubled relationships. You know it's on when all the white chicks log off.'

'tomboy':
'a female with male like characteristics.Tomboys give 0 fucks about whats going on or who talks about them. They'd rather spend the day in the mud wrestling with their friends then to stay inside painting their nails. A tomboy doesn't have to play a sport. Tons of girly girls play sports so it doesn't really matter.'

'Thirsty':
'A synonym for horny.'

'The Simpsons':
'1.) The absolute greatest television show ever created.2.) A show so great, movie stars literally BEG to be cast into an epsiode.3.) Matt Groening's greatest achievement.'

'techno':
'A word describing a genre of electronic music that sprung up in detroit and europe around the same time (early 80's). Was (and Is) characterized by a 4/4 drum kick beat (varies), mechanicalistic effects and drum patterns from drum machines and synths, occaisional bassline, melody of various kinds, and a repititive feel (NOT TO BE CONFUSED WITH TRANCE). Unfortunately, the word techno was hijacked by mainstream media in the late 80's to cover for everything electronic. This pisses off a load of people each day when they hear others say techno for everything from house to jungle. Please, those of you who do use the word techno for everything electronic--don't. Figure it out.'

'tiger':
'A big orange and black striped liony thing with sharp claws and rather a nasty bite. They don't usually eat men but that's only because they don't usually get the chance. Obviously, if you live near a tiger it may consider eating you. Basically, what I am saying is - the further away you live from a tiger, the less chance you have of getting eaten by one. I live in Selhurst in South London and NOBODY here has been eaten by a tiger since 1922 and I'm not even sure that it was a real tiger then (although I suppose if it ate someone it must have been a large carnivore so it may as well have been a tiger as anything else). Perhaps it was some sort of mock-tiger. Or maybe a stripey bear or something. I don't know, I wasn't even born then and you know what old people are like... The whole thing is probably a tissue of lies from start to finish. Anyway, thats sort of what a tiger is. So thats cleared that up then. Actually, I don't know why I bothered. I've never met a single person who didn't have some idea of what a tiger was so it seems a bit pointless describing one. I don't really think that the purpose of urban dictionary is to define the bleeding obvious. It really seems to be a forum for 'street' types to say things like "Yo!" and "Your mutherfucking sister's a ho!" and "Janice is such a slut" etc. Even such people as this probably know what a tiger is.'

'Toyota':
'A giant of the automobile industry. Known for producing cars that will most likely survive the apocalypse. Parent company of lexus and scion. Once known for producing sporty and relatively inexpensive cars like the celica, celica Supra, MR2, Supra, and Sport 800, Nowadays, they are tacky, bland, and uninspiring wads of dollar-store plastic lined with tinfoil. Lexus carries out the designs for luxury sports cars (IS350, LFA, Aristo/gs300,) Think of Lexus as the brain, toyota as the chest, and scion as the ass.'

'Tampon':
'A cotton tube with a string attached used to stick in a woman's vagina while she is on her period to absorb the blood and keep it from leaking out.'

'tween':
'a girl ages about 9-14...too old for toys, but too young for boys. Very easy to market to, will usually follow any fashion trend set for them, will most likely go through the phase of 'finding themselves' as they 'grow up'.'

'Toxic':
'Adjective used to describe usually very negative person, that bitch about everything, spread unnecessary hate or just talk shit about others. You can meet these people in any online game comunity and they are the main coin of online gaming.'

'tate':
'the most balllin mutherfucker ever'

'That Guy':
'The person everyone loves to hate and never wants to become.'

'Tatum':
'The most beautiful girl in the world.The craziest girl in the world.She has the potential to be the best girlfriend in the whole universe but if you break her heart she'll blow up your house with a petrol bomb.She is one of those girls that looks innocent but is extremely freaky.'

'teabagging':
'1) Repeated insertion of ones testicles in another's mouth.2) Continiously crouching on a dead body in a video game.'

'Trust':
'the hardest thing to gain and the easiest thing lose'

'tea-bagger':
'The sexual act of dangling the male testicles over the face of the recipient.'

'Tags':
'What you say when you are talking to someone via chat on ROBLOX and their message is censored, resulting in a line of Hashtags (#) in the place of their message.'

'Taco':
'1. The best food ever made.'

'twinkie':
'An asian person who is either adopted or living in a white community.  Hence, yellow on the outside and white on the inside.'

'Tucker':
'TuckerA guy who all the girls want. He's athletic, smart, and funny. He has the best eyes and a laugh that can brighten anyone's spirt. He's great with little kids. Tucker can be a great friend. Don't let him go'

'twit':
'Bird brained; of low intelligence'

'Taking Back Sunday':
'The act in which one, once again, seizes Sunday'

'Tom Brady':
'Another word for Satan. And imma tell you why he is clearly Satan. This dude was down in the Super Bowl 28-3 in the 3rd quarter. YOU CANT COME BACK AGAINST THE BROWNS 28-3 IN THE 3RD QUARTER! Also he did this with all white receivers! If you're playing a pick up flag football game, there is no way in hell you are winning with an all white receiving line. Tom Brady found a way to do that so there is your proof that he is Satan.'

'trisexual':
'Due to contrary belief, trisexuals are not attracted to any living or nonliving thing. Instead, they are only sexually attracted to the tricerotops dinosaur. Most trisexual prefer horns inside of them instead of dicks.'

'Twerk':
'A dance that requires you to shake your booty up and down. A common dance by girls.Twerking has existed since the 90's. It was made by the Jamaicans during voodoo ceremonies. Last year, Twerking was popularized again by Miley Cyrus. Everyone claims that Miley invented Twerking when in reality, she really didn't. Ever since Miley has been Twerking, white girls from all ages with no ass have been trying to "twerk" like her and fail every time.'

'thug':
'A thug is typically referred to a male or female who commits crimes for personal gain through stealing, selling drugs, but especially violent crimes such as robbery and assault.'

'Tom Holland':
'Tom Holland is an English actor and dancer. He is known for playing Spider-Man in the MCU, the title role in Billy Elliot the Musical in London, and for starring in the 2012 film The Impossible. EE Rising Star Winner at the BAFTAs 2017. He pronounces croissant as quackson and has squirrels as friends. Real life Peter Parker. Gets roasted for only reposting on instagram.'

'Tap':
'1. To begin to harvest 2. Gently hit or touch3. Proceed to sex, fuck4. A type of spigot head5. A type of water'

'Tiger Woods':
'Tiger Woods - To have your ass whooped with a set of golf clubs from your wife after she found out you were cheating on her ass....'

'ting':
'An ethnic Caribbean way of saying thing'

'Teagan':
'Teagan means "attractive" or "Poet". She is shy, but wants to be around people. Ridiculously athletic, not only physically but emotionally and intellectually, always striving to be the best while still being humble. Although clumsy at times, this girl will make you look stupid when you want to compete! Teagan is beautiful with big brown eyes that have a hint of old soul as well as having a zest for life. She is every guys dream. Loves athletics, cooking, adventurous and being independent, yet takes pride in being a girl, being beautiful, being elegant when she is not the tomboy everyone assumes she is.Teagan is a friend to all. Kind and understanding, patient with most and willing to share her knowledge and experience. She does not like conflict and is good at avoiding it. This girl is smart, quick minded, full of common sense and is successful at anything she puts her mind to.'

'Tyson':
'A guy who can't figure out how to flirt with a girl. He sometimes gets to nervous to admit his true feelings to you. If he ever pauses, it is because he is thinking what he should say because he doesn't want it to come out the wrong way. he cares about your feelings alot and wants one girl to be his. If your that lucky girl, never lose him because he is worth a lot more than any guy out there.'

'Thuggizzle':
'Thuggizzle is rapper that has overcome so many obstacles and have brought so many opportunities to his community by making changes within himself and then showing others how. Thuggizzle is from Texas with a loyal following and a huge well respected nonprofit organization entitled Thuggizzle Cares Inc. I Am Not Alone and Thuggizzle Reptizzles are a few popular causes under the Thuggizzle umbrella.'

'T.I.':
'T.I. is a southern rapper who used to be known T.I.P, which stands for "Ten Inch Playa". His rap alias was then changed to T.I. (obviously taking of the "P") because  his advisors and producers were worried that his current rap alias would be confused with Q-tip, another rapper.'

'Todd':
'Todd is everybody's friend. Todd is a one of a kind person. Funny awesome and love able. He just is always telling jokes and laughing all the time. If you find a Todd ask him out he probably will say yes. That is how nice he is. Keep him with you until he is gone. He is there for you he is your shoulder to cry on. He is your best friend. You can never get him mad easy and when you do you will be on ground. He is there for you forever.'

'Toilet':
'A place to sit and think.  Also a good place to take a plop.'

'teh':
'Orginally started off as a typo for "the", but recently has changed a bit in meaning.  "Teh" still means "the", however, it is mostly used in the same manner that spanish speaking people use the word "El".'

'TommyInnit':
'16 Year old gremlin child'

'the':
'a common mispelling of teh.'

'talia':
'a girl who can make anyone laugh. she has many friends and always tries to be nice to everyone she meets. generally petite with a beautiful smile and doesn't need makeup to be beautiful. makes a great loyal girlfriend who is always there for you. she is committed and would do anything for her best friend or boyfriend. she is insecure and loves compliments. if you meet a talia never let her go'

'Thug Life':
'THUG LIFE 1) acronym for "The Hate U Give Little Infants Fucks Everyone". This acronyn was made popular by American rap artist 2Pac. 2) The Codes Of Thug Life where a set of codes written by 2Pac. The codes where designed to give order to the rise of gang violence and drug dealing. It made certain immoral actions, against the code which, would become a code of the street. These codes where signed by heads from the Bloods and Crips at a peace treaty picnic called the Truc Picnic, in California in 1992.3) Thug Life was a rap group formed by 2Pac which consisted of him and 4 others: Mopreme, Macadoshis, Big Syke, and The Rated RAfter 2Pac was imprisoned on rape allegations the rappers would disband. Some would regroup after 2Pac's release and signing with Death Row Records and form the beginning of rap group called Tha Outlawz.'

'The meaning of life':
'The meaning of life is a subjective question perhaps. The answer may vary from person to person to aardvark to flower.How you live your life as a sentient being is perhaps more relevant than what purpose does life itself serve.There are few guarantees in life and to assume that any answer to any question is correct is arrogant folly.“The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing” – SocratesHowever everyone is entitled to an opinion. Here is mine…'

'Trumped':
'Shitting your pants while waiting in line to vote or in a polling booth.'

'Tyler Joseph':
'The singer and songwriter of the band, twenty one pilots.'

'turk':
'  a citizen of the country which gave the women the right of selecting and being selected before than any european countries in 1934.and turk males cannot marry to more than one woman.'

'trance':
'A form of electronic music that has spiralled out from other forms such as techno and house. Essentially, trance combines a powerful "4-to-the-floor" (or occasionally breakbeat) drumtrack with a strong melodic hookline. Trance is indisputably one of the most emotional genres that actually exists, because it is all self-interpretation. There are no instrumental or musical limits to trance, and rather than listening to some random guy screaming about his life, associating with a trance progression or hookline is much more deep, and much more personal. Like other genres, trance has many subgenres, some of which have become very commercialised to the extent where the musical merit of some tracks must be questioned (eg. Flip'n'Fill, Scooter etc.) At the higher end of the more uplifting, melodic (and relatively popular) styles of trance are DJs such as Tiesto, Armin van Buuren, and Ferry Corsten. These DJs in particular can make beautifully structured mixes their own music, and the music of others, building it into a euphoric collage which spans multiple energy levels, in order to provide the listener with peak/trough feelings, and carry them through numerous emotions and mental states. The creation and spread of trance music is mainly down to machinery such as the Roland JP-8000 (providing the prominently manipulated supersaw wave), and experimental DJs such as Sasha & John Digweed.'

'throwdown':
'1. to fight2. perform or produce something extremely well.3. An individual contribution to a group project.Comes from the phrase "To throw down the gauntlet", which means to issue a challenge. In medieval times a knight would throw his armored glove, or gauntlet, at the feet of another knight to challenge him to combat. If the knight took up the gauntlet he accepted the challenge.'

'Titties':
'Sacred life orbs that squirt milk so that babies (and sexual partners) can suck on them.'

'Tech N9ne':
'unbeleavable skill and ryme, speed, unbeatable lyrics and sound.the best period. '

'tilf':
'Teacher I'd Like to Fuck...often'

'Toilet paper':
'A sacred piece of worship material that loves ur bum and which people think will give u corona immunity (that's why they're selling out btw.)'

'Urban Dictionary':
'A site where it's a challenge to find one subject where no one talks about sex.'

'Unicorn':
'A common swinging term used in the community to refer to a single female interested in meeting other couples. Described as such due to the rarity of finding said females. By no means derogatory but quite the opposite, a rare treat."We are interested in meeting other couples and single females" - The usual swinger couples interest.'

'Ugly':
'Something society trains us to think we are.'

'uwu':
'A texting emoticon used to show cuteness but also is sin to the internet world. It is basically banned worldwide never use in any circumstances unless you want to be attacked.'

'USA':
'The only country keeping penguins from coquering the Earth'

'Urban Dictionary Editors':
'The people who decide which definitions get approved on this website. Few of them actually follow the publishing guidelines.'

'uber':
'The ultimate, above all, the best, top, something that nothing is better than. Also Über'

'Ur Mom.':
'Ur Mom- a common comeback for when someone says....practically anything to you'

'UrbanDictionary.com':
'A place on the internet where people of all ages, races, religions, colors, habits, musical preferences, nationalities, politcal views, genders, and sexual orientations can come together to insult each other's ages, races, religions, colors, habits, musical preferences, nationalities, politcal views, genders, and sexual orientations.'

'Ur Mom Gay':
'No u'

'USC':
'The truth is that UCLA and USC are both good schools. There are good people and pricks at each school. The rivalry between the two breeds hatred in certain people on both sides. I'm a UCLA student, but I respect USC.     It's cool that we compete in everything, but it should be a friendly rivalry. This hatred is just not needed. The fact that LA can house two prestigious universities like UCLA and USC is amazing.'

'urban dick':
'(n.) A staff member at urbandictionary.com who cancels your submission before it even reaches the editors. This person is often a huge douchebag who lacks any consistency in rejections or acceptances. He will let completely lame trash pass as a definition, yet cancel a submission that breaks none of the rules and is actually useful.'

'uggs':
'Boots with suede outsides and sheepskin insides. Usually used in snowy and cold regions, but now is associated with miniskirts and beach towns.'

'undertale':
'Undertale is a game created by indie developer, Toby Fox. In it, you can choose to either spare every entity that appears before you, or slaughter them mercilessly. It has multiple endings, a fantastic soundtrack, and although it doesn't have the best graphics, its story, wittiness, and humor make it a very enjoyable game.'

'Unrequited Love':
'Unrequited love is Hell. All you do is spend your days thinking of someone who will never think of you. You'd do anything for that person, and they'll do nothing for you. You can't forget them, and there's tearing you apart.'

'Upper Decker':
'Step 1) Make sure nobody's around.Step 2) Quietly open the lid of the upper-section of the victim's toilet.Step 3) Quietly place the lid down on the floor.Step 4) Then take a nice shit in the upper-section of the toilet without letting anybody hear you.Step 5) Wipe your ass.Step 6) Place the soiled toilet paper in the upper-section of the toilet or in a drawer or magazine.Step 7) Slowly lift the lid off the floor with your fingers under it and carefully bring it over to the toilet.Step 8) Here's the hard part; with your fingers under the lidslowly place the lid on the toilet. No false moves or you're screwed.Step 9) Leave and don't let anybody see you. Just bail as quickly as possible.Step 10) Mission accomplished.'

'United States of America':
'Let me describe the USA (the country I live in) from an unbiased viewpoint. Yes, many of us are ignorant, stupid, lazy, and racist. Yes, our government and job market is shit. Much of the accusations are true. However, as an American, I don't appreciate predominantly European people generalizing everybody in my country. I am ashamed at many of the things my countrymen have done throughout history, but it is also a country of equality, where anybody can make something of themself if they work hard enough. Home to some of the greatest musicians, inventors, and scientists of all time. And not to be an ignorant American, but we did help greatly in World War Two. Trying to "hog some glory"? More like winning essential battles, including Normandy (perhaps the most important battle of WWII) with the help of the British and Canadians, of course. Even though Europe was in an enormous state of turmoil, and we helped the Allies greatly, they cannot show gratitude, they can only judge us even more. And let me be perhaps the first in a long while to say: France, thank you for your tremendous help during the Revolution, we wouldn't have won it without you. I write this with the utmost respect for European countries, please respect us a little more, and don't just recognize the bad things about the USA, but the good things as well, as I do.'

'u':
'Shorthand for the word "you."  Commonly used on the internet by those of low intellect, or those who are much to lazy to type a three letter word.'

'UFO':
'Abbreviation for "Unidentified Flying Object". The USAF defines a UFO as: Anything that relates to any airborne object which by performance, aerodynamic characteristics, or unusual features does not conform to any presently known aircraft or missile type, or which cannot be identified as a familiar object. (USAF Regulation 200-2)'

'utah':
'45th state in the Union.Settled by Mormons in 1847.Home of the 4 m's    Mormons   Meth Labs   Mountains   Mini VansCapital City is Salt Lake City  Salt Lake City was host of the 2002 Olympic Winter Games "Greatest Snow on Earth"'

'ucla':
'University of Caucasians Lost Amongst Asians'

'Urban':
'when ur too lazy to type out urban dictionary'

'Urban Outfitters':
'A place where you pay a lot of money to look like a homeless person'

'united states':
'If you don't like it, go live in Canada mother fuckers.'

'unique':
'Most use this word to describe someone or something as being one in a million. Well this can be true but unique is someone you won't see wasting time at the end of the rainbow you'll see her riding the rainbow. Unique doesn't just come as a word but it comes as an action. She does what others are to afraid to do. She puts her friends first not herself looks for the good in others when they can't find it themselves. She's willing to do the extreme to be different than others. Shes funny you will never find anyone like like the unique.'

'Unus Annus':
'1. Latin meaning "One Year" and the name of a channel created by Mark E. Fishbach (Markiplier) and Ethan Nestor "CrankGameplays" that will be deleted after one year of its first upload.2. A channel. An excuse for Mark to display his masochism'

'U2':
'An Irish rock band that formed as Feedback in 1976.  By 1979, the band changed its name to U2 after Paul McGuiness became manager.  The band's lineup is Bono, vocals, occasional guitar, The Edge, lead guitar, backing vocals, Adam Clayton, bass, Larry Mullen Jr., drums. In 1980 U2 released its first album, Boy.  Since then, their most famous works have been The Joshua Tree, 1987, Achtung Baby, 1991, and All that you can't Leave Behind, 2000.  U2 have sold more than 50 million albums in the United States and their tours often sell out quickly.  Currently, U2 is still active and working on a new album.  Their lineup has remained the same since 1979. Some hits include: I will Follow, New Year's Day, Sunday Bloody Sunday, Pride (In the Name of Love), With or Without You, Where the Streets have no Name, Desire, One, Mysterious Ways, Beautiful Day, The Sweetest Thing, and Vertigo.'

'ur':
'1.  Moronic abbreviation for "your," "you are," or "you're."  It should NOT be pronounced "yur," but rather how it looks: ur (rhyming with purr, fur, her, etc.).  2. A city of ancient Sumer in southern Mesopotamia on a site in present-day southeast Iraq. One of the oldest cities in Mesopotamia, it was an important center of Sumerian culture after c. 3000 b.c. and the birthplace of Abraham. The city declined after the sixth century B.C.'

'unit':
'An absolute machine of a person. Looks like they never leave the gym and usually out to cause trouble.'

'Ugh':
'The word you say when you simply don’t want to life anymore. It’s the sound of exhaustion.'

'Umpa-Lumpa':
'a girl/woman who wears too much fake tan'

'Uranus':
'The most underrated planet in the solar system. It has diamond rain, extremely fast winds and an interesting axis tilt. What more could you ask for! Then the poor planet gets laughed at just because it's name sounds like the Latin word for ass.'

'ups':
'United Parcel Service'

'Uncle':
'That creepy person who randomly shows up at the family reunions.'

'Upstate New York':
'1. Your idea of a traffic jam is 10 cars waiting to pass a tractor3. You measure distance in hours4. You know several people who have hit deer more than once6. You stay in your house most of the summer because you aren't used to the heat7. You drive at 55 mph through 10 feet of snow during a raging blizzard without flinching 11. You carry jumper cables in your car and your girlfriend knows how to use them14. Driving is better in the winter because the potholes are filled in with snow16. You know 4 seasons: almost winter, winter, cold, construction19. Cows are just part of the scenery22. You know that the phrase, "Goin up ta," applies to going north, south, east, or west, up or down in elevation, and pretty much any other way you can travel.23. The smell of freshly spread cow manure doesn't bother you.26. Halloween costumes are always designed around a snowsuit and winter boots.31. You can name everyone you graduated with.42. You still go home for Homecoming.58. Your teachers call you by your older sibling's name.64. You have to name six surrounding towns to explain to people where you're from.67. When somebody says "Thats billy fucillo HUGE" you know exactly what they are talking aboutI don't agree with the people saying upstate starts just noth of NYC and Long Island, It is more the Finger Lakes and north regions, maybe some of the southern tier but I am pretty sure they have their own set of rules there.'

'uva':
'a college filled with ultimate, spoiled, pompous assholes, who never worked a day in their lives, who refer to dead prez Thomas J. as "TJ" and call him their best friend, and who swear everyone who isn't at their college regrets not being there.'

'UH?':
'The best answer to all philosophical questions.Also I recommend the youtube channel Dumbass Dinosaurs.'

'UN':
'An enormous inefficent bureaucracy that saps the U.S. money and time. Easily corruptible with nepotism, simony, and fraud that is rampant. Has proven not to prevent anything and is slow in reacting to any situation. The point of the U.N. is to stop war however just ends up dragging a shit load more troops to war (i.e. Korea) if they ever decide to go. If they don't feel like committing then a disobeitiant country can usually do whatever it feels like.'

'utopia':
'1) a theoretical "perfect" realm, in which everyone is content, where things get done well by people who are happy to do them, and where all the problems which have plagued our world for millenia no longer apply.  whoever came up with the idea was drunk, stoned, tripping or insane.  maybe all four. 2) a popular maths-and-text based online game which can be quite complicated.  people who play tend to lose all social skills, and spend hours chatting to friends and allies online, saying things like "goddam, just got grabbed by a pumped orc.  he's bottom-feeding, so my kd suicided in retal, razed him and he's near peasant-death" do not worry if you do not understand the game.  half the people who play don't either.  be warned, the game seems to exert a strange and powerful force on those with geekish tendencies. '

'Urban Dicktionary':
'What urban dictionary should be renamed to, as most of the site's definitions directly pertain to or allude to sexual affairs.'

'U P':
'Urethral Prolapse'

'useless':
'99% of the definitions on this site.'

'um':
'The word used when the speaker is unable to find the correct term.'

'utica':
'The city that God forgot'

'UGANDAN KNUCKLES':
'“Ugandan Knuckles” has its origins in a nearly year-old joke, but thanks to an easily downloadable character model and the explosive world of VRChat, the problematic meme has been quickly spreading.Ugandan Knuckles didn’t start out as the Ugandan Knuckles meme; the character is inspired by a goofy caricature of the echidna, who first made his appearance in Sonic the Hedgehog 3. The weird version of Knuckles made his debut in a Sonic Lost World video review from Gregzilla, a popular YouTuber with more than 120,000 subscribers. Other YouTubers latched on to the character and started to create “Knuckles Sings” videos, a series of memes in which the deformed Knuckles sang a variety of songs, like Smash Mouth’s “All Star.”It wasn’t until September 2017 that a 3D model of the deformed echidna entered the world, giving birth to memesters everywhere. Still, it would be another three months before players of VRChat — a Second Life-esque world that lets Oculus Rift and HTC Vive owners inhabit 3D models and interact with others in a variety of settings — latched on to the model, downloading it in hordes and inserting hundreds of strange Knuckles into the game. Using inspiration from the movie Who Killed Captain Alex, the meme was born. Some phrases a lot of people use include: 'YOU DO NOT KNOW THE WAY!' , 'WHY R U RUNNING?!' , 'THE QUEEN, WHERE HAS SHE GONE!!' , '*clicking noises*' ,'

'up dog':
'Shitty joke, but it can be funny at times.'

'ud':
'Something you google when you are to lazy to type in "urban dictionary"'

'User':
'Someone who takes advantage of another's kindness or generosity. They pretend to be a friend but are only in it for what they can get out of it. A user takes and takes, rarely gives.'

'Uno':
'The name of the hardest, most intense game in the whole world. Any skilled Uno master deserves respect.'

'Unions':
'n. One of the many scapegoats utilized by the GOP and other ignorant people to blame societal woes upon, namely a poor economy.What these ignorant people do not understand is that unions are a major backbone of the United States' labor force.According to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics, over 1 out of every 10 salary/wage earners is a unionized worker in America. This is not an insignificant statistic.Workers need unions as much as ever—because most corporations focus on profit at the expense of employees. Employers are constantly trying to shed responsibilities— providing health insurance, good pension coverage, reasonable work hours and job safety protections, for example—while making workers' jobs and incomes less secure through downsizing, part-timing and contracting out. Working people need a voice at work to keep employers from making our jobs look like they did 100 years ago, with sweatshop conditions, unlivable wages and 70-hour workweeks.Unions are a pivotal part of the American labor force. The only people that hate them are those who do not belong to one and are too lazy and/or afraid to join one (out of fear of their employer, who doesn't want to stop lining his pockets by taking a decrease in profits). So instead of campaigning for them, these ignoramuses fight against them.Go figure.'

'uni':
'university'

'Undertaker':
'The Deadman, greatest wrestler of all time.'

'underoath':
'A Christian band that originated in Florida. They have an interesting sound, which can be described as screamo, hardcore, emo, and metalcore. They're earlier CD, 'The Changing of Times', has a more hardcore sound (it consists of about 85% screaming) than their newer CD, 'They're Only Chasing Safety', which is about 50/50 between screaming and singing.'

'USMC':
'1. Uncle Sam's Misguided Children 2. United States Marine Corps; the best damned fighting force in the world.'

'Uncyclopedia':
'a phony version of Wikipedia that is generated using Wikia that provides humorous articles about subjects, usually the articles have nothing to do with the real thing. Example: Dark matter being a sweetening.'

'Uno Reverse Card':
'The ultimate comeback that NOBODY can resist. It out powers "no u"'

'ur mum':
'a word used as a comeback when you have no other comeback to use: a word used to get someone to leave you aloneanother term for "your mom"'

'Umar':
'The meaning of the name "Umar" is a man that is loving of his family and friends around him. His character is one of an honest nurturing man. He will open doors and compliment beauty to the one he loves. He can have a stubborn side but will give in when he feels as if hes losing something of value. "Umar"- A keeper.'

'U.S.S.R.':
'Union of Soviet Socialist Republics'

'urb':
'when you're too lazy to type in "Urban Dictionary" in google, so you just type in "urb" to get there faster'

'ur granny tranny':
'Worse than ur mom gay and ur dad lesbian combinedEvery time this is said, the Sun moves one mile closer to Earth'

'unf':
'Universal Noise of Fucking. See above definition for onomatopoeic use as a sound itself.'

'underdog':
'Someone who is hardly noticed.  Kind of the opposite of popular or the best, but not exactly the worst.'

'Usher':
'Justin Biebers babysitter'

'usy':
'United Synagogue Youth: A conservative youth group for Jewish teens in grades 9-12. Jewish teens get to meet other Jewish teens from all over North America at conventions, go on summer programs, meet life long friends and have life changing experiences.'

'Ukraine':
'Ukraine most often erroneously called "The" Ukraine is a country in Eastern Europe. Ukraine is not Russia & Russia is not Ukraine.It is where People are proud educated cultured & the Women are beautiful. The people may seem serious but when you get to know them you realize they are warm & love to share laughter tears vodka & pickles w/ friends & loved ones & if you are lucky enough to be let into their hearts w/you too. At the 1st sign of spring we love to celebrate & welcome the warmth w/ friends outdoors w/ a bottle & some nibbles.Ukraine is where we leave our shoes & outside filth at the door. Our mouths (words) may be dirty but our floors are clean! We have the greatest food: Potato & cheese Pierogie Sweet Vareniki Borsch Blini the best yogurt & kefir & some people even love salo :-p)! It is where a bowl of Great Borsch & a hunk of bread can make you feel like royalty! You can find the best vodkas there.We love our Babushkas & other people's Babushkas too. When we see an old woman we think in our heads "Aw Babushka".You'd be surprised how beautiful our homes are inside if you judge our homes by the outside. We paint our trees white on the bottom & We park anywhere even on the sidewalk!Ukraine is beautiful just like her Women. My Ukraina! I left my heart there & I will forever ache until I see feel smell & hold her again.'

'ur dad lesbian':
'The only insult worse than ur mom gay'

'Ucker':
'An obscene word only to be used by Roadman Shaq, a.k.a "Big Shaq".By definition, ucker is a synonym for prostitute.'

'university':
'Once a mechanism whereby smart people could raise themselves above humble beginnings and obtain a worthwhile qualification indicating a high probability of being employable. Now a complete con to get kids with high hopes into insurmountable amounts of debt before they even think about buying a house.. then they discover that the job they trained for was entirely fictitious, and they'll have to take any job they can get. At this point, they realise they should have gone into benefit fraud and drug dealing like all their "stupid" friends, who now have houses, cars and big screen TVs.'

'Upstate':
'The meaning of Upstate, New York: Residents of northern New York State - the true Upstate region - know that the state consists of several regions. Namely, upstate, downstate, western (Buffalo and Rochester), central (Syracuse and Utica), and the city. (I like to think of Long Island as an orbiting moon, but it is better classified as a different planet all together.)   Albany is barely on the edge of Upstate, Poughkeepsie is NOT Upstate, and Newburgh is definitely NOT Upstate. It may be hard to fathom, but not everything in the state of New York revolves around the city, so therefore, everything above the city/Westchester is not Upstate.  Admittedly, Upstate may be "different" than New York City and other regions, but it is a term of pride, not a term of derision.  Many ignorant downstaters (who probably don't recycle and drive Hummers) may not realize that Upstate is home to the Adirondack Mountains and the most beautiful natural areas of New York state.  Always remember, not only does New York State have the largest, most culturally diverse, most amazing city on the east coast, it also has the largest tracts of pristine, protected wilderness lands east of the Mississippi in the northern, Upstate regions. New York State is amazing, from top to bottom!'

'Unfuckwithable':
'(adj.) When you are truly at peace and in touch with yourself, and nothing anyone says or does bothers you, and no negativity or drama can touch you.'

'up yours':
'Short for shove it up your ass. If your not using it as an insult, your an idiot'

'ugg boots':
'        These horrendous boots are only one part of the outfit worn by boring wealthy suburban girls. They are typically accompanied by tight fitting jeans, a hoodie sweatshirt, and a North Face fleece over top of the sweatshirt. Sweatpants are sometimes seen instead of the jeans.        Most likely the said individual will be spotted leaving the mall headed towards their Lexus SUV adorned with bumper stickers for their dumb field hockey team and for the Outer Banks of North Carolina, or another popular vacation destination. '

'uncultured swine':
'A member of society which is seen as an outcast, knows nothing, and lives under a rock. Often this person is seen as stupid and is almost always ignorant as to what goes on in the world. They have little to no knowledge of how to interact with others.'

'Ultimate Frisbee':
'Best game. Ultimate players play for the love of the game.'

'Underground':
'Un•der•ground (un’der ground’), n., adj. 1)  A genre in music and other forms of media intended for an elite audience, that is often characterized by its high levels of originality and experimentation, and does not conform to typical standards, trends, or hypes as set by the popular mainstream media.'

'UCSD':
'A school with no football team, but exercises that pride with the following t-shirt, i.e.'

'uppercunt':
'The act of punching a girl in the vagina. Also can be applied to a closed fist of with splayed fingers.'

'ur mum gay':
'Probably one of the most hurtful insults that can cross your tongue. Used only in extreme circumstances to completely obliterate the other person.'

'United Nations':
'A pathetic international organization that focuses more on preventing Max Barry from using their name in NationStates than stopping genocides, civil wars, and conflicts. The concept of it sounds great on paper, just like communism and a War on Drugs, but like those two things, they don't work IRL. They seriously need to step up their game and actually unite the world. At most, they send food to countries and maybe build a few buildings there, which is just slapping a band-aid on a guy who just lost their arms. They need to get peacekeepers in there and turn the country into Utopia by giving them the stuff needed to grow food.'

'uhoh oreo':
'1. A term given to a white person that act's, talk's, dresses, etc. black.  2. White on the outside, but black on the inside.'

'UCF':
'1. It is a parking lot for limebikes. They are left in the craziest of places including on roofs of buildings and up trees. They mysteriously gather up in groups every knight. Some say that they are haunted.2. Knight puns. Knight puns are everywhere. Legend has it that UCF Alimni will never be able to spell the word knight without a k.3. FOOTBALL. "WE WANT 'BAMA!!!!!" UCF is undefeated and will destroy anyone in their path.4. Under Construction Forever, U Can't (or Can) Finish, Underrated in College Football5. A place where most people say the mascot is Knightro or a Pegasus. Outsiders think that it's mascot is a mouse. However, true UCF fans know that its real mascot is Nugget the pony.'

'United Airlines':
'Used as a verb; Beating the shit out of someone and then forcing them to leave.'

'Uma':
'A very simple and funny girl. She is dependable but there are a lot of things people don't know about her. Very caring and warm, but a hardass on the people who deserve it.'

'Uncle Tom':
'Historically, Uncle Tom was a black man born into slavery, who ended up sacrificing his own life to save the lives of other slaves. But, when this story was made into a movie, Uncle Tom was portrayed as a slave who gave his life for his master.Now, an "Uncle Tom" is a derogatory term to describe a black man who "acts white" and "talks white", or who is a sell-out to his own race. A black man who kisses white people's asses, and who will turn his back on other black people to keep the approval of whites. A sell-out, an ass kisser, a race traitor...I've also heard people describe an " Uncle Tom" as a whitewashed black man. A black man who may have been raised by white people, and who therefore has the manorisms and behaviors of a white man. He would also speak like a "dorky/nerdy" white man.A black man, who, while speaking to over the phone, one would think they were talking to a white man.'

'UB':
'Short for "The State University of New York at Buffalo". Is a two campus school where the professors often times lack English speaking skills and classes in mathematics or other departments could and should also recieve credit towards the foreign language requirement. The UB student body is composed of a heavy percentage of Asians and Jewish, dick-loving whores from Long Island (pronounced "Lawn-Guy-Land"). Also known as "Jew-B" (in reference to the heavy Long Island population).'

'UnderRated':
'Someone that has skill/ talent but never gets recognition or a chance to show it'

'University of Michigan':
'One of the world's premiere academic institutions. Arguably the best public university in the nation with a total of 40,000 students, both undergraduate and graduate. Michigan has top-ranked programs in law, business, medicine, political science, and an array of other subjects. Virtually no area at Michigan is ranked below the top 20 in the country, allowing for it to rival the Ivy league as well as the other selective private institutions despite its high admission rate (47%). Home to Michigan Stadium, colloquially termed "The Big House", the University of Michigan is also known for its legendary football, hockey, and formerly its basketball team (We all remember the Fab 5).  Michigan is one of the country's leaders in athletics, academics, and college life in general--located in beautiful Ann Arbor. You simply cannot go wrong with the University of Michigan.'

'US':
'Who all your base are belong to'

'Unc.':
'Uncle;brother of your father or your mother;slang. Older male mentor'

'UrbDic':
'Abbrevation of UrbanDictionary'

'Universe':
'All there is.  This is a flexable term, which once was used for what we now call the solar system. Later, it was used for what we call the Milky Way. Now it is used for the sum total of all the galaxies, of which appears to be about ten billion of them.'

'Unionville Girls':
'As a Unionville Alumnist I feel comfortable in saying that you should all be paying more attention in English class. If you were truly free thinkers there wouldn't be so much trash talking on a web page for slang definitions. If you didn't deserve to be called whatever it is you have been called, you wouldn't be on here telling people to get a life. It is my opinion that none of you have even the faintest clue what lies ahead for you in the real world. The truth is, if you could look past the Unionville "Clicks", you would realize that now is the time to have fun and learn how to take care of each other. The world turns into a harsh place real quick for those who don't know how to take care of thier friends. Mommy and Daddy can't take care of you physically, socially, and FINANCIALLY forever...and if they do, I pity you. So instead of bashing the rich kids, or hiding the new kids backpack, or gossipping behind slutty girls back, why don't you all take a minute to think about how much better the quality of life would be for you if everyone got along...or at least tried to get along like adults.'

'Ubisoft':
'Fix one thing, break ten other things'

'uci':
'University of Chinese Immgrants'

'ucsc':
'An area where trees are the only things you will see more than white people.'

'uptowns':
'new york word for air force ones'

'Uncle Fucker':
'A fuck-ass fuckin' funny song that was sung by Terrence and Phillip in the movie Terrence and Phillip Asses of Fire that was shown in the movie South Park: Bigger, Longer, and Uncut.'

'USB':
'Until Something BetterThis can be a girlfriend or a job. Its a transition period or time in your life. Something or someone you are involved with until something better comes along.'

'ubermicro':
'Where one uses the keyboard with great speed and accuracy in an RTS game to control multiple units at a time. Some players with extensive ubermicro can control their worker or builder units to build a base whilst also controlling their offensive units.Apparantly, RTS noobs often forget that the keyboard exists.This term was made more popular by the internet show purepwnage.'

'ughh':
'A place for losers to bitch, moan, and for wicked22 to feel accepted.'

'Unicorning':
'Strapping a dildo to your head and charging full throttle and drilling the recipient in the vagina or anus.'

'UG':
'A guitar website based in Russia, so no American rules apply. Therefore, it cannot got shut down because of its tabs. Possibly the most awesome guitar website out there.'

'uc':
'Your name is lucy and you are trying that tiktok challenge. You are addicted to tiktok and a psycho crazy girl.'

'Unibrow':
'A mustache that has migrated towards the nothern reigion of the face, usually between the eyebrows.Sometimes there will still be some mustache left, as not all of it wanted to leave.'

'Usman':
'Usmans are amazing people.They are funny, curious, often dirty minded ;), thoughtful, smart, good-looking, in good shape, social, good friends and will always be there for you. if you have a Usman in your life you are one of the luckiest people on earth.'

'Una':
'A one of a kind type of girl. Una’s are very attractive, intelligent, and have a good heart. Everyone wishes they could be an Una and are jealous when they can't compare.They are smart and guys find themselves captivated when talking to an Una . Una’s often don’t realize how perfect they are, and how every guy out there is looking for an Una . Guys are intimidated to ask out a Una just because Una’s are a perfect ten. Una will know how to make you happy even when you are down. Una raises the bar for a perfect girlfriend and if anyone where to find a Una they would realize how truly luck they are.'

'uhh':
'uhh'

'uk':
'A person with an absolute massive dong that will not simp if their life depends on it'

'unpopular':
'One who is not afraid to speak their mind and do what they want in the face of ridicule and hatred.'

'Usain Bolt':
'To leave quickly or suddenly'

'UFF':
'UFF:- ULTRAFUCKINFANTASTIKO - Something SO good you didn't think it could have been achieved, but it was, AND, it was N E A R L Y as good as Charlie in the quire!'

'ubuntu':
'Ubuntu is an ancient african word, meaning "I can't configure Debian"'

'UFC':
'Ultimate Fighting Championship'

'Ur mom gay lol':
'When u wanna win a fight say this but if they say no u after just commit deathpacito'

'unfuckable':
'Unfuckable is the penis useless to fuck, not because the lack of erection, but due to its very small size, equal or inferior to 4 cm ( or 2 inches ) when erect, turning impossible the intercourse in the vagina ( ups and downs), to achieve the orgasm. In such cases, to obtain it, is necessary to use a penis pump to masturbate. The same occur with the buried ( in the pelvis) penises. Many times, the improper size refers only to the length of the organ, not the girth, that can be large ( only a big head outside the pelvis, but totally useless to move ).'

'UC Berkeley':
'A place where you run a 50% chance of getting your bike stolen, a 65% chance of getting your computer jacked, and 100% chance of compromising on all your conservative values. Still, you will reflect on your time there with the same nostalgia once sung by Bryan Adams- "Those were the best years of my life."'

'Uh oh':
'STINKY!'

'UDI':
'Unidentified Drinking Injury  When one is drunk, one picks up random bruises, aches and pains. At worst, cuts an bruises too.'

'United Kingdom':
'A country which consists of four smaller countries: England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. (The term "Great Britain" refers to England, Scotland and Wales. Add Northern Ireland and you get the UK.) It is ruled by Queen Elizabeth II and is over a thousand years old. The people there speak English (along with welsh and gaelic), which is also spoken worldwide, as a result of Britain owning a quarter of the world. Technically speaking, the UK is a part of Europe, but we don't really belong there. We're British not European.Some notable things to arise because of the UK include: the telephone, the computer, the television, penicillin, the refrigerator, the bicycle, the pneumatic tyre, the Unites States of America, the steam engine, the atomic clock, the sewing machine, the postal service, the Christmas card, the pencil, the typewriter, the telegraph, the ATM, the MP3 player, the computer mouse, the adjustable spanner, the chocolate bar, the dishwasher, the tin can, the lawn mower, the smallpox vaccine, the world wide web, fish and chips, the tank, the depth charge, the tuning fork, modern atomic theory, the electricity generator, the pocket calculator, the laws of motion, the theory of evolution, tennis, golf, baseball, cricket, football, the jet engine, the submarine, the postcard, plastic, the bank of England, the bank of France, the boy scouts....'

'UMBC':
'The 2018 March Madness 16 seed that knocked out the Virginia 1 seed. The creators of March Madness 16-1 history with a 20 point win and the biggest bracket breaker of the year.'

'ukulele':
'The Ukulele, or Uke for short, is a four string, six string, or eight string instrument. It is originally from Portugal. The Hawaiians named the instrument the Ukulele, meaning Jumping Fleas when they saw the rapid movement of the Portuguese musicians. Hawaiians adopted the instrument and it is a part of the local culture. For years, local people have been playing the ukulele as accompaniment or solo instruments. It is common to hear families at night singing to one in their backyard or to see kids walking around with them at school.The Ukulele comes in diferent sizes. The soprano, concert, tenor, and baritone are most common. Tenor size ukes can be found with six or eight strings. The four-string ukes are tuned in G-C-E-A.Families and friend "Kanikapila," or play music at gatherings and parties.'

'umm':
'it means shut up im thinking and i probably wont have a very good answer.'

'uh-oh spaghetti-o's':
'An exclamation made after the realization one has fucked up beyond repair.'

'unitard':
'An individual who wears the uniform/jersey of a sports team or player only because he/she heard that the team won some type of championship. Additionally, the person really does not know anything about sports and just wants to look cool wearing the logo/name of a champion, as if he/she followed them from the beginning.'

'Unconditional Love':
'is known as affection without any limitations or love without conditions. This term is sometimes associated with other terms such as true altruism or complete love. Each area of expertise has a certain way of describing unconditional love, but most will agree that it is that type of love which has no bounds and is unchanging. It is a concept comparable to true love, a term which is more frequently used to describe love between lovers. By contrast, unconditional love is frequently used to describe love between family members, comrades in arms and between others in highly committed relationships. An example of this is a parent's love for their child; no matter a test score, a life changing decision, an argument, or a strong belief, the amount of love that remains between this bond is seen as unchanging and unconditional. A common (and ableist) misconception is that one must love themselves first before being capable of unconditional love; this is simply not true.'

'uke':
'from the Japanese verb 'ukeru' (receive) it's used in anime/manga and fanfiction for the "bottom" or "passive" in a wordyaoi/word/wordshounen-ai/word (male/male) relationship.Generally the shorter, cuter, sweeter of the two... generally.See wordseme/word for more info.'

'uzi':
'Developed by 26 year old lieutenant Uziel Gal(d. 2002 aged 78) of the IDF. Went into production 1955. 9mm Sub Machine Gun accurate to 150 metres.Mass produced under licend by FN of Belgium. Currently in use, Netherlands, Germany, U.S, Ireland.Particularly popular with Special forces and HRT's. Mini uzi variant developed 1980.Micro uziUzi machine pistol Contrary to popular belief, it is unlikely that so called "Gangstas" would typically posses such a weapon.Owing to its cost (in excess of $6000)Weapons commonly mislabelled as "uzis" includeScorpion vz 61 machine pistol Ingram Mac 10 and 11(effective range 25 metres. Could explain why "ganstas" can't hit fuckall. That plus their lack of firearms training and the inability to straighten their arms)'

'Ursula':
'Ursula is the sweetest thing! She is someone whose heart is pure and in whom you can trust. Everyone needs a Ursula in one's Life because she makes it great and magnificent: treasures are more precious than ever when you are with her.She is very easy-going and knows how to make someone laugh. Always extremely pretty, many people are captivated by her looks. Her specialness makes her stand out from everyone else, and always makes people smile. She likes strawberries very much.They're kickass girls who looks shy - until you get to know them. Once you're friends, she's loyal to the end, and every day spent with her will fly by. She'll make you laugh like you've never laughed before. Music is her life, and she's got a voice like an angel, no guy can resist her. She's easy going and down to earth, and once you meet her, she'll never stop brightening up your day.The only downside to knowing an Ursula is you will not be able to resist her. Just looking into her eyes will have you hooked instantly.She's the Queen.'

'Ulises':
'Ulises is a born leader. Kind and considerate he makes for an excellent boss who treats others with the respect and dignity they deserve. He is a dedicated family man who will always be loyal to his wife and will do anything for the safety and well being of his children. A Ulises will be the best kind of friend you can have. If you're fortunate enough to befriend a Ulises make sure you do all you can to stay friends, because there is no other friend like a Ulises. Lastly, with a taste for the luxurious, a Ulises tends to own a Tesla. If so, hope you can get a ride to work every now and then.'

'umad':
'Online gaming shorthand for "are you mad?" Used as a taunt after pwning an enemy or messing with someone.'

'uniboob':
'When it looks like you have one massive breast. This usally happens when a girl wears a sports bra or one of those tank tops with the shelf bra. '

'Unfriend':
'The act of removing a friend from your facebook account. Compulsive people prune their friend list periodically, removing people that they no longer have contact with.  More often though, unfriending is only done when a particular friend's updates and self-promotions become so annoying that you can no longer stand hearing about them.  Or you might unfriend someone when they piss you off, however, this is not very effective since the person who is unfriended is not notified that you unfriended them and you'd be better off to keep them as a friend and plot your revenge.'

'Uriel':
'Uriel is nice, sweet, caring and all around just an amazing guy. He is always willing to listen to your problems and check in on you to see if you're okay. He is a sensitive guy with a huge heart and will never fail to brighten your day. His friends usually call him Uri for short, and he looks good in Green. In addition, he is the type of guy to be in your neighborhood school's ASB in the position of Vice President, a position of power ;)'

'Uh-Huh':
'Affirmative; yes; yeah.'

'U-Turn':
'Term used to describe a 180 degree turn.'

'Ur Mum Gae':
'If u are told this u instantly are picked up by Child Protective Services.'

'Upperdeck':
'When you remove the upper lid of the toilet and shit in the tank.'

'Ur grandpap a trap':
'The worst insult possible in the entirety of the English language, ur mom gay, ur dad lesbian, and ur granny tranny dwarf in comparison.'

'university of florida':
'A school which believes that the students should cater to the needs of the university, as opposed to the univeristy catering to the needs of the students.  '

'VSCO GIRL':
'VSCO GIRL- Wears oversized t-shirts or sweatshirt with Nike shorts. Has Vans, Crocs, Birks, and wears a shell necklace. She also wears tube tops and Jean shorts. She always has a hydroflask. She can't leave home without a scrunchie and her favorite car is a jeep.'

'ville valo':
'the only one that could break your heart,and leave you asking for more.'

'vagina':
'1. the reason life exists2. a source of addiction for even the most tough minded men3. a tool used by women to control men and force them to submit to their insane demands4. the only place a penis truly feels at home5. the only thing that makes life worth living'

'vanessa':
'Vanessa: A girl who is overlooked by others, someone who is very special but is much too often taken for granted. An amazing girl who is incredibly beautiful on the inside and out. A person who is extremely sensitive, even in a comfortable environment. Although very friendly and sociable, Vanessa can be shy and apprehensive. A person who comes once in a lifetime, that will change who you are as a person forever. Someone who you should never let go, if you do you will regret it. She loves to sing, eat, and laugh. Her soulmate will be someone that shes had a past with and came back in her life, Vanessa is described as a simple word such as beauty.'

'Victoria':
'Victoria is kind, caring, sweet, talented, never faltering in the friendship she so freely gives. You are a very lucky person to know a Victoria. Do not take her for granted, she can be fragile, she deserves to be treated with care and respect. Victoria's often do not see their own talent, and need to be reminded of it often, in time, they may even grow to see it in themselves, if their talent is nurtured and cared for. Victoria's are remarkable people, they seem so close to perfect it is almost scary, people may question if they even deserve the friendship they are given, do not fret, friendship will not be given to those whom are unworthy, not often at least. Victoria's are usually good judges of character, although they do make mistakes every now and again, it is just one of the factors reminding those around them that yes, this perfect angle is human, even if she does seem heaven sent.'

'Virgin':
'A member of a rare and dying race'

'valentine's day':
'The reason so many people are born in November.'

'Victor':
'Victor is a smart, sweet, funny, semi-cute guy. He is one of the best people you would ever meet. He's always there when you need him. He doesn't give two fucks about what he does. He doesn't care about what people say and always will have you back. He's sometimes too nice. And is a quick responder either if it comes to a question or text. Lastly his jokes, he will literly make a joke out of anything but can also be awkward.'

'vegetarian':
'Someone who does not eat meat. This includes fish and poultry, although some people claim to be 'modified vegetarians' and will eat these. Not to be confused with a vegan, who is someone who, in addition to meat, avoids milk, eggs, and the like.'

'Vegan':
'People who refrain from eating any animal products (or anything derived from animal products)  or using animal products such as leather, silk, or wool. It is a more strict form of vegetarianism. People who are vegan are often passionate about their veganism.'

'VPILF':
'"Vice President I'd Like (to) Fuck" Sarah Louise Heath Palin, born February 11, 1964. The current governor of Alaska, and the Republican vice presidential nominee in the 2008 United States presidential election. John McCain's running mate in 2008.'

'Vincent':
'Vincents are a man of their word. They make a lot of friends and enjoy playing sports. Vincent's are extremely trustworthy. Vincent's are usually motivated by quotes. Vincent's work hard and accomplish goals. They show the same respect that a person would show them. If people were to go behind Vincent's back or anything like that. He would forgive them. But lose their trust. Vincent's 9/10 are usually the alpha of the pack. They enjoy putting more than one smile on a person face everyday.'

'Vampire':
'Something that does not sparkle.'

'video games':
'The only thing that's fun to do anymore.'

'VSCO':
'VSCO is for the “gorls.”'

'Va-jay-jay':
'Another, more G-rated version, of the female part.  Suitable for adults at the dinner table, and also kids learning how to censor the more crude word choices avaliable when needing to communicate that word.'

'Veronica':
'Veronica is a beautiful person. She’s the type of person who puts others needs above her own but is often unappreciated. A Veronica is a once in a lifetime girl if you ever date a Veronica, she may be stubborn as hell but she is the MOST loyal person you’ll ever meet. She is very good with kids and acts like she’s everyone’s mother. Veronica is an independent person who really doesn’t need anyone. She likes to give people the benefit of the doubt even when they don’t deserve it. If a Veronica ever gives up on you that’s when you know you’re in the wrong and you’ve made the biggest mistake of your life. Veronica is very smart but struggles, she is a naturally gifted writer and is good at history however math is not her friend. She works hard and gives her all in everything she does. She’s the most hard working woman you’ll ever know. Sometimes she overworks and it makes her frustrated but if the right person comes along they will help her get through it.'

'Valeria':
'Valeria is someone who you should NEVER take for granted. She is this amazing light that when you close to her and she turns ob she will light up your world and when she does never let that light go out or you will regret it she is so kind and funny but can be shy at first but she is willing to stay with you as long as possoble as long as your a true friend and will defend her but if you cross her watch out her bestfriend will be there in a second to rip you to shreds. Valeria is the funniest person you will ever meet but someone you can cry with at 3 am and will make you smile with her i guess what im saying is she is beautiful and amazing inside out with a heart of diamond (shes also a great person to play roblox with;) )'

'Valentina':
'Valentina is a beautiful name for a beautiful girl. A Valentina has beautiful black hair and black eyes. She is a sweet girl but won’t take any shit from anybody! But if you’re nice to her, she’ll be super loyal and treat you like a gem, just as she treats herself. She’s usually really popular and people like her because she’s funny and nice. Valentina’s are super trustworthy but they are also needy and lazy. Valentina will usually do everything for her best friend but also annoy them a lot and goof off with them. If you have a friend named Valentina, you’re in luck!But if you loose her, well... you messed up!'

'Valerie':
'When she's responsible, she's really responsible, but when she's not, she's probably watching Youtube videos of cops tackling people. Cuz why not. Thinks with her heart AND her head, because people who act from emotion-only and make dumb choices really annoy her. Doesn't like when people bring drama to her door, and prefers friends who are wiser than their years.Enjoys secrets, cartoons, the right to be silly, laughing, sometimes really loudly, good books, friends, classic films, and cuddling. Not the most romantic, but enjoys watching romance films. Can't handle people who are high maintenance very well.Valeries are the type to pick up where they left off, so if you haven't seen her in two months, its totally cool, cuz she still considers you her best friend. Fiercely protective of loved ones, the first to stick up for someone being bullied, and in an emergency, is quick on her feet. Cheating is not an option. Honor, virtue, and a good reputation are her aim, just like she reads in her beloved Jane Austin books.Motto- "don't think, don't feel, just do". - "keep it real, keep it simple, keep it real simple".Hates letting people down, loves lifting people up.When angry, will fantasize about flinging bricks through windows.When vulnerable, will pull into her shell faster than Donatello.Likes trying new things in new places.Believes there is a huge difference between a female and Woman.'

'Vivian':
'A girl who seems extroverted when in reality she stresses over her actions. A beauty that doesn’t see herself in that light. An observer, thinker, and achiever. Once she gets feelings for someone, she won’t stop thinking about them. A scenario girl, always imagining what COULD happen. Has a disinterest towards love, but cannot help herself by experiencing it. A passion towards calm music, and tends to zone out into her thoughts a lot. Never looks back once she leaves someone without an explanation. People say she’s complicated, but she tries to not be. If you end up dating a Vivian, remember to brighten her days and she’ll do the same back. When everything is going well, don’t be surprised if she calls quits on the relationship. She’s a girl who wants fun, adventure, and satisfaction. Her expectations can be high, but that makes her build up her trust issues. If you have feelings for a girl named Vivian, tell her or else she’ll vanish into the jet black sky.If you ever meet a Vivian, don’t let her go.'

'Vans':
'Skate shoes for those who do not skate.'

'Violet':
'Violet is a amazing person with the greatest personality unless you piss Her off. Her favorite color is her name and she would do anything for you if you would do the same for Her. She is very attractive and does what she wants when she wants. Her heart as pure as diamonds and eyes that swallow you whole. She Will be one of the greatest friends you Will ever have.'

'vodka':
'A drink which makes you strong and clever.'

'Vine':
'The thing that was ruined because of Logan Paul and Jake Paul.'

'vagitarian':
'Opposite of penivore.'

'Vikings':
'Vikings were Norse or Scandinavian raiders and seafarers. From the late 8th to early 12th centuries they raided wide areas of Europe and also established many governments, and trading networks. The Vikings were known for their ferocity and sailing ability. The word “Viking” does not describe the Norse or Scandinavian people as a whole, but rather it describes the Norse or Scandinavian men who went sailing and raiding.The vast majority of Viking raiders were male, and the main reason they originally started their raiding was because they wanted to acquire women from foreign lands for sex and marriage. Viking men would return from their raiding with large amounts of women that they had kidnapped. Polygyny was common, so rich and powerful Viking warriors had many wives and concubines.Apart from Europe, the Vikings had activities in faraway regions such as North Africa, and the Middle East. There is also ample evidence that Vikings had colonized parts of North America. The Vikings have had an undeniable impact on the course of world history.'

'vuvuzela':
'A mind-numbing torture device made of cheap, brightly colored plastic. It resembles a horn but its pitch cannot be changed. It is being used during the 2010 World Cup in South Africa.'

'Vibe':
'To chill , be at peace, & let life do it's thing.'

'Volleyball':
'By far the best sport out there. Everyone loves volleyball girls and secretly wants to be one. Usually volleyball is an underestimated sport but it is truly one of the hardest sports to play.'

'Vermont':
'A very windy state due to the fact that New Hampshire sucks and New York blows.'

'vancouver':
'That city where if you own a house already, you can sell it and buy two of the same in Toronto, or three in Calgary, or an entire street in Winnipeg.'

'V':
'A good boy'

'Vicky':
'A beauty unlike no other. Her charm can compel anyone. When you think of someone as reliable and trustworthy as she is gorgeous you think of Vicky. She will always be there for you through thick and thin. She's all you need on life for support and comfort.'

'Vince':
'A guy who can entertain you forever. Total pot head though. His voice melts your heart and his looks turn you on to the max. Someone who is a player and comes across as a jerk but when you get to know him, you want him with you forever. Can break your heart with the snap of his fingers and make you cry from happiness with just one text. Seeing him gives you a total lady boner and his skills to sweep you off your feet are perfected. All you want when you see him is him in your bed. A jerk but also the best friend in the world. I love him.'

'Virgo':
'Virgos are well kept and fun people. They can be funny and serious all in one. They are portrayed as the "sexy" sign! They want people to like them, they strive for it. But they will never admit it. They hate bullies and won't take lies, although they lie themselves. Virgos are a very romantic sign and love a good love story. They are very artistic and push themselves to reach high places. Virgos are commanly seen as cold or suspicious to there family but it is only out of love. They are very protective around there friends and love attention with groups of people they know. They will not go up to you to make friends. As a Earth Sign they like peace but will lean in to drama if they are bored. When Virgos are alone they are a whole different person! Don't underestimate them! They are lovey people and love relationships and will respect others relationships aswell.'

'Viola':
'A four-stringed instrument that looks like a slighlty larger violin, but oncloser inpection its sound is more like that of a cello. Very smooth, mellow sound, but usually they get the shitty parts.'

'virus':
'A Malicious program that is designed to do nothing but piss you off and make you want to take a Baseball bat to anyone who makes it and their "Custom Built 1337 PCs".'

'Vibing':
'When one is lit af, but instead of choosing to be super hype they just relax and vibe off the energy.'

'vtec':
'the thing that always kicks in, yo!'

'vulture':
'A person, business, corporation or political body who/whichpreys on the misfortune of others. These people/businesses/political parties often present themselves as charismatic, and commence engineering involvement with people, businesses, communities or nations at the early signs of their downfall. '

'VIP':
'1) Very Important Person.2) Variation In Production.Used in electronic music (such as drum and bass or breakbeat) when a producer remixes their own track. A VIP uses major elements of the original version but differentiates the track as a whole.'

'Vibe Check':
'A spontaneous and usually random time where someone checks your vibe. A vibe check should usually be a pleasant experience where the person being checked is vibin.'

'vinny':
'(1) To be extremely sexy.(2) A person who has a huge dick.(3) Someone insanely good in bed(4) To be an extremely good boyfriend(5) A person that is super friendly and everyone loves'

'volvo':
'An automotive company from sweden. Also builds some commercial trucks. They may not be the best looking cars to own. However they are by far the safest vehicles you could drive. They also are very reliable and seem to go forever if properly maintained.'

'Vlad':
'An amazing guy that everyone loves and nobody hates. Vlad is everyone's favourite person and if you don't have a Vlad in your life you are the unluckiest person in the world. Vlad is an all round great guy who is good at everything and has a huge penis. Everyone who knows Vlad wants to be close to him. Boys want to be him girls also want to be him.'

'Voldemort':
'Voldemortverb1. the sexual act involving the expulsion of ejaculatory in the shape of a lightning bolt onto the forehead of the beneficiary then killing their parents immediately afterward.2. jizzing a lightning bolt on the forehead of someone, killing her parents then running away.'

'Virginia':
'Mid-Atlantic South (Southeastern) state on the Atlantic ocean coast. It is the 12th most populated and 35th largest state in the Union. Admitted it was 10th and the population currently is 8,382,993. Nicknamed 'Old Dominion' and 'Mother of Presidents'. The capital city and former largest in the state is and will always be Richmond. People say it's just a hick town disguised as metro. Virginia is also just south of Dc as we all know, and Maryland, west of the water, north of North Carolina and Tennessee and east of West Virginia. Arlington and Northern Virginia people have southern accents but only like 65-70% of the time because culturally they moved to being yuppies. An awesome state.'

'vanilla':
'Unexciting, normal, conventional, boring.'

'vag':
'Abbreviation for Vagina, but is used more as a gross term than good.'

'Vera':
'Vera, Is a Beautiful Name for a Beautiful Girl. It's a Female name wich origin is Russian, there are two meanings for this name wich are: "Truth" or "Faith".One of the best options to name someone.A Vera is a really especial type of girl, Beautiful and Sweet, She always know what to do in any case, also She's really Independent and Funny. Sometimes She act very Lovely or Autonomous, She is not a "Easy Girl" and likes being treated like a Queen (Cause She is one). A Vera is a kind of Girl anyone would like to be with but not much could and the perfect girl for anyone. A Vera won't never dissapoint you and will always found the way to cheer anyone up, If you can be with a Vera don't waste the chance and do it, She also can be a really Good Friend and someone you wouldn't want as enemy, And She can be the Perferct Partner.'

'Vibrator':
'An object used to rate a person's vibe.'

'Vanilla Ice':
'Eminem's long lost father...'

'vbucks':
'virgin bucks , the thing you constantly beg your parents for so you can get some dope ass skins, but you are always denied and that cause you to cry everyday because all your friends are rich ass white boys that are all virgins.'

'Virginity':
'Something, which once given can't be taken back.'

'vista':
'VirusesInfectionsSpywareTrojans andAdware  Notice the word VISTA going down the left side'

'Vegemite':
'A spread for toast made of vegetable extract. While it is extremely popular in Australia, it is reviled everywhere else. This aspect of vegemite is used for great humour by we Australians, as a single smear of it will reduce a non-Australian to a quivering jelly, similar to a veteran of 'Nam.To make a vegemite sandwich, you must toast two slices of bread, and then butter it. You must then add just the right amount of spread, I find that half-a-teaspoon per slice works perfectly. Press the two slices together, and eat. Then, depending on nationality, you will proceed to the local pub or to the ER.Some leading scientists theorise that we Australians can digest vegemite do to our stomachs and tongues being lined with a natural Kevlar, strengthened by years of swearing, drinking and licking kangaroos.'

'Vega':
'The short form of the Spanish last name De la Vega or "Of the plain/meadow". Anyone who has the last name Vega by blood is related to others who have that last name by blood, though the name has gained variety over the centuries such as "La Vega", "Vegas", or just "Vega". The House of De la Vega is a house of nobility existing in Spain from the Castile region, and has been around ever since the first Spanish kingdoms before their unification into the nation of Spain. Being of prestigious nobility, the Vega house was also involved in some coup attempts to claim the throne and rule over much of Spain. Being staunch Christians and loyal to the Catholic Church, some of the Vega house traveled west to the New World and started the many families in North America that bear the name of Vega, however again, anyone living in North America who has the Vega last name from their parents is related to other Vegas, with a common ancestor probably living three or four hundred years ago, from the time of immigration. The Vegas, also being of an old noble house, never had to pay taxes, and still don't even in Spain today. There are roughly 110,000 Vegas in the world. Also some gaming company that made SF 2 had a character in it named "Vega", and this is where most morons tend to associate the name "Vega" from. Some travelers on the way to California long ago passed through an oasis in Nevada, and they named it "Las Vegas", meaning "The meadow(s)", because of it being an oasis in the desert.'

'Vietnam':
'A country where there are more motor scooters than cars.'

'VH1':
'a better channel than MTV, but still kinda shitty sometimes. I mean, come on! who fucking wants some british guy ranting on about the "FABULOUS LIVES OF *insert rich annoying celebrity here*" But still has awesome shows. Like, I Love The 80's, 70's and 90's. Also, Behind The Music is good, when it talks about the right people. Best Week Ever is ok. Now on to the bad shows. Awesomely Bad:...great, i dont give a fuckSome red carpet show: go die right now i dont care.Some OTHER red carpet show: see aboveVH1 has way too many List shows. Top 40 *insert random thing here* of all time, Top 100 *insert something else here* of all time'

'Vin diesel':
'An actor with a hidden message'

'vore':
'Short for "voraphilia" or "vorarephilia": a fetish in which one fantasizes about being eaten alive or eating another creature alive (sometimes known as phagophilia). The most common type of vore is "soft vore", being swallowed or swallowing whole with no bloodshed. There is also the less common "hard vore" which involves the tearing and chewing of flesh. Other types of vore include macrophilia and microphilia, in which one character involved in the vore is larger or smaller than normal.  Many might associate vore with cannibalism; however, most voraphiles do not favor cannibalism. Vore is an imaginary fetish; that is, it is impossible to perform in real life in the way most fantasize, unlike most cannibalism. Also included with vore is sometimes the "furry" community: people who are interested in usually anthromorphic animals (humanized creatures). With animals as characters in vore fantasies, predation is natural and therefore somewhat more realistic.'

'Viacom':
'An evil money grubbing corporation that wants to take away channels from Time Warner Cable and Brighthouse Networks because they won't increase their customer's rates and charge more.'

'valley girl':
'teenage female who seems to have no idea where she is. usually found off the coast of california. seemingly beautiful in nature but truly idiotic. likes to use the phrases "like omg" and inserts the word "like" wherever she possibly can'

'Vance':
'Vance is the one person you trust wholeheartedly, but you can never tell if they trust you. Vance is kind, intelligent, charismatic, and humble. They will support you no matter what. You can try to get them to open up to you, but it never seems to work. When meeting a Vance it is best to be straight forward. Don't skirt around what you want, they are too intelligent to be fooled, especially by liars.Try to not give away to much about yourself as well, they love puzzles and being mysterious is something that makes them want to talk to you more. Vance can be extremely gorgeous, but don't let that trick you, Vance has zero idea how attractive they are and never seem to brag about it even with perfect skin and hair.Most of all, never limit Vances freedom, they value it more than anything, and taking it away will make them feel trapped and alone, which is something that plagues Vances mind the most.Be kind to Vance, even if they seem intimidating, it may be the best choice you've ever made.'

'valentine':
'What you call the boy/girl your temporarily "dating" for Valentine's Day. Something invented to make the rest of us single people feel like lonely shit.'

'vamp':
'A femme fatale character in movies or books. The character is a woman who, while not necessarily attractive, has a certain allure (usually this striking, exotic, overtly sexy glamour), and is usually a heartless, man-eating seductress.  The term is short for vampire, another term for a femme fatale.'

'Vic':
'A quarter ounce of weed'

'virginia tech':
'I just want to point one thing out here.  UVA and VT are completly different schools.  If you want a law degree or business degree, you go to UVA.  However they cant even touch Virgina Tech's Engineering and Science programs.  Both schools are commpletely respectable institutions of learning, but for different areas of study.  The demographics are different, with UVA being more preppy and upper class, and VT students having a more casual demeanor and coming from middle class backgrounds.  There are rednecks at VT, but most dont make it past freshman year. Oh, and no one really cares about the Citadel/Virginia Tech rivalry. Now lets stop this rediculous rivalry and stop comparing apples to oranges.'

'Vi':
'To be Beautiful, Cute and Adorable flawlessly with seamless transition.'

'V-Card':
'Term used to define one's virginity.  All virgins have a "V-Card" until they "cash it in" for sex.'

'volcano':
'1. A really good vaporizer that uses bags which fill up with vapor pretty fast. It's expensive as hell, around $500. 2. When a smoker coughs or laughs into a pipe or bong, making shit fly out of the bowl like lava out of a volcano. 3. An opening on a planet where lava comes out.'

'Vegeta':
'Quite possibly the most badass fucking character ever known. Vegeta/Bejita thrives in situations where any man wishes to set foot in, and comes out a TOTAL FUCKING BADASS every time. It's known that even Tyler Durden, the MacManus brothers, Triple HHH, Chuck Norris, Bruce Lee, John Rambo, Arnold Schwarzenegger, and Adolf Hitler worshiped Vegeta, and wished to be half as badass as the Prince of All Saiyans.Thanks to Vegeta, there is a such thing as "beyond badass."'

'Vixen':
'A wife or girlfriend in a committed relationship who seeks a male for nsa sex with the permission of and usually in front of her stag husband or boyfriend, without any bi-sexual play or humiliation of her stag.'

'vegetable':
'an offensive term for a chromie homie, or retard'

'Vietnamese':
'I, a Vietnamese person, see a lot of this conceited things as well as things that just aren't true at all. Everyone who's writing the hate stuff about Vietnamese people are just...wtf man. I saw a person that wrote how we just rip off from Chinese, Korean, Japanese, all that stuff. Well you know what? We barely have ANYTHING that the Japanese have, in Vietnam we learn to how to do many useful things in life at a young age that many Americans can't. Chinese? They freaking ruled over us for many years so our words derived from them. Our writing style derived from French. Korean? You're just naming another country. Most of us are hardworking. You know why? Because most of our parents come from Vietnam coming to America with nearly nothing but their clothes and a few cents of change. There's a few people who don't want to work hard because they're not caring or live in a bad environment, but most of us do. We do not say "du ma" every few seconds, but Americans always ask us how to say "eff you" in Vietnamese, so don't blame us. No we don't all do nails, or all computer engineers, or all doctors and stuff. Yes, we have contributed to modern day. One of the most recent ones is the "mind control wheelchair" for those who are completely paralyzed on their whole body. We aren't all short, or have squeeky voices, or have tiny eyes.'

'Virgil':
'Another way of saying $50.ORIGIN: Virgil only donated $50 to help the BLM Movement and Protests.'

'vice':
'1. Various activities considered immoral by certain people. From the Latin word vitium, meaning failing or defect. Drug use, sexual promiscuity, prostitution, gambling, recklessness, cheating, lying, and selfishness are commonly considered vices. 2. Vice cops. Police responsible for investigations of the unlawful use, possession, and sale of drugs, as well as investigations of gambling, loan sharking, prostitution, obscenity, pornography, and other vice-related activities.'

'viviana':
'viviana is a short girl very beautiful but does not think so. She is very sweet and is a strong person. she may not look like shes going through some stuff but she is. Always ask her hows shes doing or hows shes feeling, remind her everyday that shes beautiful and that she means alot too you. Viviana can be a very nice girl but dont get on her bad side because once you piss her off theres no way going back. And if shes your ex dont think shes gonna be stuck on you for ever shes gonna move on cause she dont have time to be with a piece of shit. Anyways viviana is nice just dont mess with her cause she well fuck you up,'

'V8':
'A Combustian engine.  Called a V8 because it has 8 cylanders arranged in a "V" formation (if you look at it from the front or back), with 4 cylanders on each side.  Very common in muscle cars from the 60s and early 70s, the V8 is still a popular motor among Domestic car enthusiasts.'

'vedgie':
'A vaginal wedgie'

'Vito':
'Vito, is an italion name assosiated with power.  In an italion family this name is usually given to the first born grandson son of a Don.'

'Vape':
'The ancient native american ritual celebrating the preservation of one's virginity. Modernized for this day and age using electronic "cigarettes" with variable cartridges of diluted flavors and substances.'

'Val':
'A woman who has an independent spirit and prefers to live life on her own terms. She places a far greater value on having a good time than on material possessions. But be warned that she has a very bad reputation for tempers, so do what you can to not set off any fiery displays. Lastly, she's extremely perceptive, honest and disdainful of deception in her relationship. She works hard but parties even harder!'

'Vro':
'A slang term meaning "Very Rare Only." Used in the place of bro. Originated from Broward County. Popular from xxxtentacion's song "Look at me"'

'vacation dick':
'Penis of such large size, one can only take it as much as vacations.'

'violin':
'A four-stringed instrument with two "f holes" cut into the top to release the sound.  Used to play or accompany a wide variety of music, from classical to techno, and even rock.'

'Venus':
'A strong woman on the inside. She is beautiful on the inside and out. She knows her boundaries. She is comfortable with her sexuality. She is grounded, and in the moment. Venus has a rockin body, and beautiful face. All the guys and girls are attracted to her looks and personality. She is true, and does what she pleases. She likes to make a difference in the world. She knows who she is. She loves life, and makes a good mom. She's love, in tune, brave, strong, and interesting. She is Venus. And she's refined with her taste and knows what she wants and needs.'

'Viper':
'1. A venomous snake having a single pair of long, hollow venom conducting fangs and a thick, heavy body. There are about 200 species of viper in the world. They eat small animals and hunt by striking, then trailing their prey. Most are terrestrial, and a few are arboreal. 2. A person regarded as malicious and treacherous. 3. The most powerful production car made by Dodge. The Viper is a modern day American muscle car that began being sold in 1992 and still continues to this day. See Dodge Viper.'

'Voltron':
'Giant robot man lion'

'Varun':
'To be able to rummage the clitoris.'

'Van Halen':
'One of the greatest bands of all time. This band redefined the term of shredding and good fuckin' Rock and Roll. I love them in a very hedero way and Eddie Van Halens influence on todays guitar players such as me is extremely strong. Other bands such as POD, Sum 41 and Blink 182 should bow down to Van Halen because Van Halen is such a better band then those poor,low fuckin' excuses for a rock and roll band. Such rockin' songs by Van Halen were Runnin' With the Devil, Panama, Hot For Teacher, Ain't Talkin' Bout' Love, and the ultimite example of Eddies excellence of playing, is Eruption. Probably the greatest 1:32 seconds of any Van Halen fans life. That song is like orgasmic! Overall Van Halen is one of the best Rock and Roll bands of all time and will get their place in the Rock and Roll Hall Of Fame. Next year baby! They will get in!!'

'Vestibule':
'The off topic message board of IGN. A mixture of heated debates on the topic of religion, politics etc. over reactions to recent news events, rampant trolling, comic threads, and bitching about why you cant get laid complimented by a large amount of spam.'

'Va-J-J':
'Slang for Vagina. Removed the male reference to the name "Jay" in the original spelling.'

'Volun-told':
'When someone volunteers you with out the option of you saying no.'

'vaganus':
'(n) A condition that is caused through over penetration of the vagina and anus.  As the activity persists, the two orifaces become one.'

'venom':
'A completely badass marvel hero/villan depending on how you look at it. has some weird ass symbiot suit thats all black with the exception of a spider design on his chest and back.'

'vibin':
'1. hanging, doing nothing, chilling 2. listening to music.'

'void':
'1.empty2.hollow 3.as in 4 dimensional(bigger on the inside than on the outside)'

'vulcan':
'A tiny in town in Alberta, Canada. After 'Star Trek' became popular the town capitalized on the name coincidence. There's a ton of Star Trek stuff in this town - murals, a huge starship, a space station that doubles as the town visitor center.'

'victoria's secret':
'poor man's porn.'

'Virginia Beach':
'The biggest city in VA with a pop. of almost a half a million. Lotta military bases so there's a lotta diversity. Crime and gang activity is covered up a lot for the tourists. You'd have to live here to know that though. Half the west side is aight but the other half,( northwest side & bayside), is bad but mad cool. Birthplace of many rappers, singers, and producers. The Green run neighborhood has a bad rep too, and is located in central va beach. '

'veggie':
'1. A nickname for anyone who looks like a vegetable (ex: their hair sprouts out of the top of their head), or someone who shoves and hides vegetables up their ass.2. If this person wears glasses, they could called "veggie vision"'

'Velociraptor':
'Velociraptors are the most intelligent species of dinosaurs. 12,000 years ago, they built high-tech civilizations and were far more advanced than humans are today. However, their version of the Cold War forced most of the velociraptors to escape into space once a high caliber explosive was sent their way. Being such an advanced civilization, the velocirators were able to survive in space and travel from planet to planet. This explosive was responsible for the extinction of every dinosaur (except for the velociraptors, of course). Although the other extremely-advanced velociraptors blamed the explosion on a meteorite, they died from starvation and life was restarted. Now, there are space dinosaurs.'

'Volkswagen':
'In German, its means "people's wagon", fucking great car company, everything to compact to suv, to faster cars.'

'Vain':
'What vain really is,a someone who cares alot about themselves, has a mirror in hand at any given time. Cares alot about looks, always in style, usually come from a well off family with loads of money to spend on stupid brand name clothing, gucci hats and $400 shoes...Can be a girl or boy. People usually hate them since they feel so comfortable about themselves and others are just jealous.They think that their the best in everything and that theres always an easy way out because their dad or mommmy has a lot of money so they can always run to them. Vain teens usually have it best of things,cash,cars,clothing and easier than others, having expensive things to brag about. In short words, full of it, conceited,best friend is the mirror..and drug store and mall.....worships money...'

'Vagenda':
'vagenda: (origin, Fringe, Walterism) from - vagina agenda(n.) the act of fooling a man into thinking you're his girlfriend, while his real girlfriend is trapped in another universe, by using your vagina, so you can steal valuable information and ancient pieces of technology.'

'Vanilla Coke':
'the best drink ever made. '

'vc':
'voice chat/channel, popularised by discord. a "vc" is a normal chat - just with people able to talk with their microphone, or listen to music with a discord bot.'

'Venice':
'A beautiful and sassy girl with a great sense of humor and is AMAZING at sport although she wont admit it. Shes a wonderful girl and men are drawn to her. She is loved by all the men because she is so hot and she has no idea she is gorgeous ahe is also incredibly smart'

'VB':
'Not appreciated by all, but one of the greatest beverages known to humankind. Originating from Victoria, hence the name 'Victoria Bitter', this alcoholic beverage is one of, if not, the most consumed beers in Australia. It is regularly contained inside a tinny (can) or stubbie (glass bottle), although it is best served cold in a schooner from 'the tap'. Commonly 1.4 standard drinks.It is the beer of the gods and is liquid gold in its purest form.Most associated with the phrase "for a hard earned thirst", as the best cold beer is Vic.'

'Vote':
'If it is 2020 and you're an American adult reading this, then vote, you fucking bitch. Over 100 million people didn't vote in the 2016 election. This election is fucking important, do it.'

'Vart':
'When excess amounts of compressed air trapped in an often times cavernous vagina, is released. Term often used by teenagers in the 60's. Very much like queef is used today. A combination of the words vagina and fart. '

'Village Idiot':
'See George W Bush.'

'Viagra':
'The type of spam I get in my e-mail box every day.'

'Vsauce':
'Michael Here'

'Valentin':
'An amazing brown hair, hazel eyed young man. He is strong and has sexy abs and can often be described as "Orgasmic" He usually has a 7-8 inch penis.'

'Viktor':
'(noun) a russian name meaning one who is a winner or victorious. Vicky for short, a wonderful guy to have in your life. he is worth every moment of your time because he's the most amazing, caring, gentle and kind hearted person you will ever know. He is a strong person and is as his name suggests always the victorious one. He loves his friends and family, and adores his pets. Fond of nature, the magic in life, laughing, smiling and making people happy. His favorite past times include sport, writing magic and helping people see the truth through the haze. A stunning man and beautiful inside and outside. Always hold on to his hand, never let him go.'

'Vujade':
'like nothing you have ever seen or felt before'

'vinnie hacker':
'god of tiktok. hottest man alive.'

'Vince Carter':
'An athletic freak who can jump out of the gym'

'village':
'Anything conducted on a small scale, with a very low standard, such as a village fair.'

'Vivi':
'A Vivi is very different from all the girls you'll meet. If you meet one always try to have her before someone steals her from you. She's usually very smart and will often try to help you with you homework. She'll hug you often and has a good sense of humor. She's cute and hangs out with friends that might like her. So you'll need to know how to get her heart before someone else does. If she's into you, you are the luckiest ass in the world. You can fall in love with her.'

'Valve':
'The video game developer behind the following IPs: Half-Life, Counter-Strike, Portal, Team Fortress, Left 4 Dead, in addition to several entertaining Source games. One of the few companies that hasn't lost its soul over the years and hasn't (significantly) declined in quality. That isn't to say they haven't done a few rather unpopular things, but at the same time we can't help but love them.'

'Vevo':
'The beginning of Youtube's downfall.'

'Vinegar Stroke':
'The point during sexual intercourse where a man is irreversibly about to blow his load. The very worst time to have to cease coitus in an emergency.'

'Viet Cong':
'The Communist-led guerrilla force and revolutionary army of South Vietnam.'

'Valentino':
'This particular type of guy is a loving, respectable, caring and outgoing one...but once in bed, he is a beast and is very attractive, but loyal; will also kick your ass if you fuck with him.'

'Vaping':
'A strange practice that involves fully grown adults blowing scented water vapour into the atmosphere from a phallic styled vaping device.Some say vaping is a healthy replacement for a traditional cigarette.Others say vaping just makes you look like a knob.'

'vid':
'Noun: A shortened version of "video", "music video", or "fanvid". Verb: The act of creating a fanvid.'

'voluptuous':
'1. having a strong sexual appeal.2. (about a womans body) having a large bosom or appealing curves'

'vdub':
'Used in refrence to a Volkswagen'

'Vernon':
'This guy from seventeen that every carat loves and even If you don't bias him,you bias him. He Is also a walking meme.'

'Vader':
'Unable to resist the temptation of; much like Darth Vader was unable to resist the Dark Side.'

'Vaughn':
'Vaughn is one of the most amazing guys you will ever meet in your life. He will make you smile even when your day has been horrible before you saw him. He is a music lover, and will become famous one day. If you don't love Vaughn, then you are absolutely insane because he is pluperfect in the eyes of many girls. Let's face the facts; Vaughn is actually really hot!'

'verb':
'A word indicating an action or doing things. Such verbs include:*kill*eat*ride*play*jump*type*order*buy*collect*exercise*ram .....among MANY others. In this day and age, anything can be a verb.'

'vice city':
'A game where you can kill cops, murder prostitutes, gun down innocent civilians, cause death and mayhem on large scales with a tank and get away with it.'

'Vsco boy':
'Boy version of a vsco girl...... wears white vans with Nike shorts and vineyard vines. Usually gets all this stuff from his parents money.'

'vagiant':
'n. A vagina that is legendary in both girth and depth, usually covered with a monstrous amount of pubes.'

'Viva la Bam':
'MTV series made by pro-skater & former 'Jackass' star Bam Margera.  The series follows Bam & the West Chester crew through their unreal lives as they pull pranks on friends & family, & wreak havoc on the general community. While many people consider this show very funny, it has many detractors & is definitely not a show everyone will like, much like it's MTV relations, Jackass & Wildboyz.'

'word':
'word'

'Walmart':
'A store where you can buy a shot gun, ammunition, a ski mask, a baseball bat, a meat cleaver and a chainsaw, but you can't buy a CD that has a "Parental Advisory" sticker.'

'wiggers':
'a white nigga'

'William':
'A guy that can be the guy of your dreams. You would feel like he wouldnt notice you, but deep down hes proabably thinking the same thing. He's the type of guy that once you get to know him, you are like best friends and after a while you are pretty much falling inlove with him. He is an amazing kisser and knows where to touch a girl in all the right places. He is an amazing boyfriend and makes you feel like you are his only one. He's the one that you will have late convocations with on the phone until 3am. He will say alot of sweet things to you and make you smile every single day that you spend with him. A William is moody at times and he can get violent and agro, he also would do something that he would regret later. William is also a bit naughty, he will have dirty little convosations with you. He worries you a little bit, but he always tells you not to worry. He is a heartbraker, but he tries to mean well, Once you meet a William, you can never get over one. He would hold you in his arms for hours, kiss you on the forehead and tell you that he loves you, he will hold your hand infront of his mates, and tell you that you are beautiful. You will always love him in a way, and he could never be replaced.'

'W.E.E.D':
'The word WEED broken down so each letter has a meaning:Weigh itExcitedENJOY ITDo-OverStoney Vibes Man🔥💨'

'Will':
'Guys named Will are the sweetest, funniest, and most enjoyable person to be around and hang out with. Wills have bluish green eyes that can leave anybody breathless and smiling like an idiot. They are tall, tan, and very athletic. Wills like to make people laugh and make the best boyfriends. They are protective and caring and they like to make you feel like the only girl in the world. Wills give the most amazing hugs and are awesome kissers. You are very lucky if you have a Will in your life.'

'whore':
'A girl or guy who sleeps with multiple people. We're using the word to describe guys too if it fits them. Multiple means more than one. Whores will make up a weird definition of multiple.'

'wap':
'wet ass pussy , or wet & gushy !'

'world of warcraft':
'crack, in CD-ROM form.'

'wtf':
'Generally stands for 'What the fuck'.  Most people use a question mark afterwards to get the point through.  Rather than using the same term for the other 'w's, who, when, where, and why, it makes more sense to actually state the word and follow it with 'tf' Capitalization doesn't really matter.This term can also be likened to 'What the shit?' which is more comical and has a tantamount meaning.'

'woman':
'a female human'

'white trash':
'A term used broadly and often inaccurately to define a person or group of persons whom embody the concepts of ignorance, racism, violence, alcoholism, and anglo-saxon ancestry. It is often used as a label on the poor caucasian working class. Many people are labelled "white trash" because of the clothes they wear and their appearance, regardless of wealth and standing. Many that use this term do not understand the lifestyles of those whom they deride and oftentimes neglect to see that many people in the poor white working class are actually very intelligent tolerant people who tend to like professional wrestling, cheap beer and NASCAR. Many others were born with mental or physical disabilities and are forced into the stereotypical "white trash" lifestyle by the opressive society of the united states which tends to ignore its lowest classes. If correctly applied, the term refers to people such as the military personnel who had a wonderful time playing fraternity pranks on the prisoners of Abu Ghraib prison, the corporate scum who build their big box department stores right across the road from mom and pop stores which are then forced out of business for the greater good of a couple of obscenely rich assholes at the top, idiots who write "dotheads are dirty" on the walls of gas station restrooms that are not even run by east Indians but people of middle-eastern descent yet they are too full of themselves to notice a difference, and especially Texan wannabe cowboys who carelessly overrun foreign countries without noticing the thousands of innocent lives that are constantly being ended and then having the nerve to say "GOD IS ON OUR SIDE!"'

'wedgie':
'A wedgie is the condition when someones underwear gets stuck up their ass naturally, or by someone pulling it up there. Wedgies are done usually to nerds who wear tighty whities. However it can be done to people who wear boxers to, and of all ages. Wedgies are done as an act of dominance, to torture somone, for sibling rivalry, or just friends messing around. '

'Windows':
'Windows 95/98, (n): 32 bit extension and a graphical shell for a 16 bit patch to an 8 bit operating system originally coded for a 4 bit microprossessor, written by a 2 bit company that can't stand 1 bit of competition.'

'wigga':
'The term "wigga" is a combination of the word white and the racial slur "nigger." Which has evolved to  "nigga" with the common reference from African-American to African-American. The word basically refers to Caucasian males who have a psychological mindset, which makes them think that they are African Americans. They typically dress in hip-hop clothing (2 to 3 times their size), which they refer to as "urban wear". These people are typically wealthy Caucasian males, which live in the suburbs and do not have any affiliation or any idea of what the ghetto is like.  White (Caucasian)+Nigga (Nigger)= WIGGA'

'whipped':
'To be totally controlled and dominated by your girlfriend to the point of being completely distracted, ditching your friends, and/ or doing anything and everything she says.NOTE: there is a difference between sincerely loving your girlfriend and being whipped. Being whipped involves doing everything she says. Sincerely loving her means you may do nice things for her, but you at least know where to draw the line'

'WOW':
'Stands for "Words Of Wisdom".'

'wanksta':
'A "wanksta" is a very basic word meaning a person who acts/looks like a gangster or thug, but has never done anything gangster or thug-like besides acting or looking like one. It can be towards any race or ethnicity. The word does NOT imply a WHITE guy acting black. '

'Wyatt':
'Wyatt is a name for..An awsome guy that is easy to make friends with. He is loving, smart, sweet, understanding, caring, trustworthy, easy going, cute, and a hell-a-lot more. He is the guy you can go to and talk and he will actually listen. He makes you feel like your actually wanted. He will confort you when you need it most, he knows when it’s a bad time to make a joke. He will ask you what is wrong and he worries. He cares about you and loves you for who you are, not for money, what brand of cloths you wear, or how you live your life. Words can’t truly define him, he is just amazing. And I love him for who he is. He is the guy you don’t really see unless you meet him. After that, you ask yourself why you didn’t meet him sooner.'

'Wet':
'( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)'

'wikipedia':
'Savior of high school students everywhere'

'we need to talk':
'You are screwed.'

'war':
'does not determine who is right, but who is left.'

'Weeaboo':
'A person who retains an unhealthy obsession with Japan and Japanese culture, typically ignoring or even shunning their own racial and cultural identity. Many weeaboos talk in butchered Japanese with the 8 or so words they know (i.e. kawaii, desu, ni chan). While weeaboos claim to love and support Japanese culture, counter intuitively, they tend to stereotype Japanese culture by how it appears in their favorite anime, which can be safely assumed to be offensive to the Japanese.'

'Work':
'The most prominent term for a needle on the urban streets of Philly. It is used for injecting heroin and other drugs.'

'Wapanese':
'Wapanese is the term used to describe a person of non-japanese descent (usually white, however some others are lumped in there as well) who is incredibly obsessed with Japanese things. A person who watches anime or majors in Japanese language at university is not counted as wapanese. These are common behaviours displayed by wapanese: 1. Being obsessed with anime. The typical anime watcher enjoys the shows because they are fun to watch and interesting (not all are for children, that is a myth). However, wapanese will take it to an unhealthy level.  2. Their rooms will be filled with japanese things. Anything from anime stuff to japanese things such as Tatami. A true wapanese will have next to nothing non-japanese in their room.  3. Many wapanese will believe that Japan is the best country ever and that if they go there they will be adored. However, most wapanese don't understand that Japan is a very racist society and they don't like white people very much.  4. They will constantly post things on the internet containing a few of the japanese words they know. These words are usually: kawaii and baka. These words will be used in an english sentence such as: "You are so baka" 5. Many wapanese will develope an unhealthy obsession with asian girls/guys. Many of them will refuse to be with someone who isn't japanese. 6. wapanese tend to spend all of their time watching anime, reading manga and listening to japanese music. A lot of them are unemployed and live at home with their parents (some are students, some are over 30). The ones who do have jobs, have very poor jobs, such as working at a supermarket.  7. Wapanese listen to tons of japanese music but will refuse to listen to anything non-japanese. They also tend to say that non-japanese music is crap while the japanese music is godly. However, most wapanese tend to listen to Japanese Pop which can be very, very similar to non-Japanese pop.  8. Many wapanese do cosplay. However, many normal anime watchers cosplay as well. However, wapanese tend to overdo it and act very elitist at conventions. 9. Most wapanese know very little about Japan. They don't look past the anime and whatnot. Most wapanese don't know anything about Japan's history. However many wapanese will pretend to know what they are talking about, however they tend to be incorrect. 10. Wapanese also tend to butcher the language (besides using them in english sentences). A good example is the meaning of otaku. The wapanese will use it to describe themselves, however most don't realize that otaku in Japan means you are very mentally unstable. Otaku in Japan are looked down upon and ridiculed.'

'wii':
'A mythical video game console where if you can buy it for $250, you can sell it for $400.'

'wanker':
'British slang for an idiot or fool'

'Wendy':
'Wendy is a very special human being. She is the most caring woman you will ever meet and can nuture like no other. She makes an amazing mother and will raise the most beautiful successful children no matter what the struggles may be. She is close with mother nagure and the earth so this is where she gets her caring nature from. She is stubborn and does not let her emotions show but on the inside she is soft and sweet. She often attracts people who are damaged because she can help guide them, but she has trouble letting go when things get toxic because she has a bleeding heart. She often thinks others think she is weird but little does she understand that others do not have the deep creative mind that she does so they may not catch on as quickly. If you have a wendy in your life treat her like a Queen. Shes been hurt so many times and all she needs and deserves is the love she gives to others. If u are a Wendy ready this, breath... everything is going to end up ok I promise.She is more special than the sun in the morning and rarer than water in the desert so love her and be loyal or you may loose a one in a million person. A creative, gorgeous, loving, one of a kind weirdo who will love you to the moon and back if you treat her right.'

'weeb':
'A weeb (/wi b/) is a non-Japanese male who watches and is a fan of CGDCT anime, has a waifu, a waifu pillow and is obsessed with Japan. A weeb is always talking about how cute or "kawaii" his favourite characters are and claiming one of them to be his "waifu". He occasionally uses romanized Japanese words instead of English equivalents, such as "kawaii" instead of "cute" and "baka" instead of "dumb" or "jerk" (it has both meanings). Some of them also use Japanese honorifics, for example when they attach the "-chan" honorific to the names of people or characters they like or find cute, or when they use the "-sama" honorific to show they respect someone. Weebs call non-weebs normies. Weebs are harmless. They know they're disliked by many people but they don't give a fuck because they know they're sugoi (awesome).In Twitch, weebs will make heavy use of emotes such as VoHiYo, KonCha, TehePelo, PunOko, and any other weeb emote offered by a subscription to the channel they're watching.Some examples of weeb anime: Eromanga-sensei, New Game!, Gochuumon wa Usagi Desu ka?, Kiniro Mosaic*Proceed at your own risk. Weeb anime is known to kill neurons.'

'wank':
'predominantely British term for masturbation  '

'Wenis':
'The skin on the bottom of your elbow.'

'waffle':
'Like a pancake with syrup traps.'

'Wang':
'a) A very common Chinese surnameb) An ancient brand of computer systemsb) Penis, see dong, schlong, dork, johnson, cock, prick, dick'

'Wog':
'A viral illness of the flu or upper respiratory tract infection.'

'Westboro Baptist Church':
'The reason I'm not going to Topeka, Kansas. Those people are super-insane. They consist of Fred Phelps, 9 out of 13 of his children (among them including Shirley Phelps-Roper), their 50+ grandchildren, and 7-10 great-grandchildren. These people claim that God hates everybody: Catholics, Iraq War casaulties, Swedes, the Irish, Latter-Day Saints, Muslims, and above all else gays, lesbians, bisexuals, and transgendered people. These people also picket funerals of, well, anybody: Iraq war casaulties, Katrina victims, 9/11 victims, hate crime victims, HIV/AIDS victims, etc.'

'wisconsin':
'A state that consumes more alcohol and has a higher people-to-bar ratio then any other state in the country.'

'weird':
'WeirdSomething that's uniqe, strange, awesome, crazy, or out of the ordinary.'

'White Girl':
'A creature who often posts pictures of Starbucks on Instagram, Tumblr, or Facebook. Often wears leggings and Ugg Boots and posts about how Nutella is very good when everybody knows it is. You will always see a White Girl with her Ugg Boots on, Leggings on, and IPhone at Starbucks.'

'wife beater':
'form fitting white ribbed tank top worn by men; looks good on well-built fellas, pathetic on skinny fellas, and disgusting on fat beer bellied fellas'

'WOMANIZER':
'Men who are emotionally unavailable, due to patterns of dysfunctional love.Unpredictable, dishonest, high ego, charming, full of charisma, completely irresistible, extremely seductive.They hold your attention like nobody else, all out of an unconscious desire to prove constantly that they are real men by the number of conquests they can make, they actually need permanent external validation from different women, so they dont sense love with them, as they banalized them as objects to get attention or sex.They get terrified of a woman getting too close to him.Theres 2 ways of womanizers: cheaters or players.6 Sure Signs You’re with a womanizer:1) He rarely includes you in activities with his friends.2) He only calls or comes by when he wants sex, or something he needs, and leaves mostly right afterward.3) When you see him, it’s always during the week, or when it’s convenient for him, seldom is you who choose.4) He won’t call you much after all, or replay your emotional text messages.5) When you want to discuss his behavior, he will seduced you again and convince you its all about you, in your head, not him.6) at the beginning he can be proud to show you his home, later on, You would rarely spend the night at his place. He can find many excuses to don't do that.'

'woke':
'The act of being very pretentious about how much you care about a social issue'

'Water':
'It's something you fucking drink what did you expect'

'WICKED':
'The Boston meaning derived from the movie " West Side Story" in 1961. The meaning came from the movie in which the gangs of NYC would use the word " cool ". In Somerville, Ma. in the hub of Boston, Jim Labadini orchestrated the use of this word through out the Somerville school system over 4,000 students. This was intended to be a word that would be unique to kids in Somerville to use to express " how cool" something is in their own terminology. It quickly caught on through out Greater Boston.'

'Wyoming':
'Wyoming is supposedly a state. Wyoming does not in fact exist, it is a distortion of space-time that only appears to exist. Anyone you've met who thinks they have been to Wyoming, or believes they have lived in Wyoming have had fake memories implanted by the U.S. government. This is because they cannot explain it, and it would cause a mass panic if the public knew the truth. If you attempt to drive into Wyoming you will wake up in Canada, naked, and with no memories. (This is how Canada gets new citizens).'

'Whispering Eye':
'It is a very old term used for Vagina. As seen in the movie Role Models.'

'wifey':
'The girl that is always there for you. The one that you were destined to be with. See hubby'

'Whatever':
'Indifference to what a person is saying! Who cares!;Get a Life!'

'Whip':
'English Slang to steal something just because you can; especially something that has been left unattended.'

'Why':
'A question I ask my self every day'

'WINNING':
'It means you're HIV+'

'What?!':
'One of the only 3 words that Lil Jon says, the other two being "YEAH!" and "OKAY!"'

'wales':
'We gave you coal during the age of Steam.We give you lamb (Which we thoughtfully leave unmolested, contrary to popular but increasingly tired belief)We created the legend of King Arthur, only for you to take it and pass it off as your own creation.We were living here and speaking our language when you were still somewhere in Scandinavia.We were one of the first people to put poetry and music together. So please, if you're going to disrespect us, do it properly. Surely the country that gave the World the likes of Shakespeare, can muster up a more scathing attack than ones involving common farmyard animals? The very fact that the Welsh are, for the most part, respected in other countries where the English are not - In my mind speaks volumes.'

'Wannabe':
'Poser, follower, a charlatan of sorts. One who copies or immitates all or most of the aspects dealing with their idol. They may wish to have certain clothing, skills, vocabulary, etc., of their idols instead of their own. Most likely a wannabe is lacking in self confidence and is looking for guidance.'

'Windows ME':
'See shit.'

'Willow':
'She's got a way to make you smile and warms any heart of stone, making it glow like a star on an indigo night. Her humor reaches in and tickles your soul and you find yourself falling completely under her trance. She's curious, smart, wise and has a sixth sense about people. Willow is someone who will be etched in your heart, mind and soul forever.'

'Wesley':
'Very talented, crazy, friendly guy. Most people doubt their ablilities but Wesley's are very humble, kind, and loving. Sometimes they have a short temper. Not many people understand them or their way of thinking. They see the world how it is and not the way the want to see it. If you ever meet a Wesley, don't waste the opportunity.'

'wasp':
'white anglo-saxon protestant. this usually refers to affluent people in the new england area, but also whites of "old money" in other areas throughout the country.'

'welfare':
'1.) A state of being. 2.) Public Assistance.'

'white boy':
'a boy that is white'

'W':
'"W" as an abbreviated term for a win in a competition'

'White People':
'People who clap when a plane lands'

'Wolf':
'Wild creature, kinda dog~like, gives spine~tingling howls to communicate. There's red wolves & gray wolves. The packs have 6~10 animals. They roam as much as 12 miles per day, looking for food. The Alpha & his mate lead the pack. The other adults care for the pups whilst the hunters are out & about.'

'Windows Vista':
'The five main problems of the Windows OS combined it one giant acronym. Virues, Infections, Spyware, Trojans, and Adware.'

'Wife':
'The woman with whom you are willing to spend the rest of your life with, the woman that you don't want someone else to take her away from you, the woman that you find the most beautiful in this world, the woman who understands, makes your life complete and worth living till the end of it with her, the woman who is gonna be your soccer team's mother, and the woman that you are willing to give up your life for.-You obviously married the wrong person if you think like the rest of the people here, so don't taint something as beautiful as the term "wife".'

'whack':
'1. adj; something in bad taste or is otherwise unappealing. 2. verb; to murder someone. 3. verb; to masturbate.'

'wookie':
'A lifeless idiot whose whole existence consists of following around jam bands and not showering or shaving. When they're not panhandling or trying to rip people off, they're selling veggie burritos or grilled cheese to fund their useless existence. They stand for nothing and care about nobody else. (Not to be confused with a hippie. A hippie is someone who lives a certain lifestyle due to their beliefs. Hippies often shower and have jobs.)'

'Wood':
'Something hard that you must rub regularly to keep shiny. Wood can be found in lots of places, like in your son or daughter's bedroom. You can do many things with wood, like knock it, pound it or sit on it. People often enjoy using their wood, usually for productive activities or fun and entertainment.'

'wack':
'something that really sucks.also a quote from a vine where a black man just yells'

'Wrestling':
'A sport that involves large amounts of sweat, hard work, and dedication. Not to be confused with "Professional" Wrestling.Originating back more than 5000 years and refined by the Greeks.You can play soccer, football, tennis, or basketball...but you can't play wrestling.'

'wop':
'(n) a racial slur for an Italian or person of Italian heritage. It is often said that this term comes from "With Out Papers" or "Working On Pavement," but it  actually comes from the Italian word "guappo", meaning a swaggerer, pimp, or ruffian.'

'weak sauce':
'slang; calling one "weak sauce" compares said individual to the "mild" sauce found at Taco Bell; weak, insignificant, attempting to be like the other hot sauces, but not living up to expectations.'

'weezer':
'1. good band 2. kid with asthma'

'wwe':
'WWE a.k.a World Wrestling Entertainment a.k.a John Cena overcoming the odds.'

'Woo':
'Woo is a gang originally created in Brooklyn. Their long time enemies are choo's. Famous rappers like Pop smoke, Fivio foreign etc are woo.'

'woot':
'Woot originated as a hacker term for root (or administrative) access to a computer. However, with the term as coincides with the gamer term, "w00t". "w00t" was originally an trunicated expression common among players of Dungeons and Dragons tabletop role-playing game for "Wow, loot!" Thus the term passed into the net-culture where it thrived in video game communities and lost its original meaning and is used simply as a term of excitement.'

'Willne':
'Top shagger definitely better than morgz mum, sub2willne'

'Wu Tang':
'The second best Tang in the world.  Next to grape, I mean poon of course.  Consists of the RZA, GZA, ODB, Inspectah Deck, Raekwon the Chef, U-God, Ghostface Killah, Masta Killa, and Method Man.  Also a large syndacyte consisting of Cappadonna and Killah Priest to name a few.  Easily the best rap group with sharp lyricism named after the legendary Wu Tang sword of Chinese mythology.  Most songs involve a kung-fu intro followed by great production and outstanding lyrics.  All nine hail from Shaolin (Staten Island) and have produced 4 group albums in addition to MANY solo projects.'

'Whale':
'A person who spend incredible amount of money in gacha type games which makes him/her ultra powerful and godlike.Commonly used in many reddit mobile game /r.'

'Wall':
'A flat surface which surrounds an entire room.'

'Womp':
'A multi-emotional word, that means everything yet nothing at the same time. A word of such complexity that holds a high standard of intellectuality. In short, it is a word that can be used in many ways the most common being it can be used as an alternative for shrugging whilst unsure about something. It can be also used as a sort of ice breaker in conversation, if you don't know what to say you can reply to them with a simple, "Womp." and the individual will laugh confused to the deep origin of such a word. It is a word carried throughout history, like a virus that once said will stick in your mind for the entirety of your life, a type of insanity. A powerful word, once properly utilized could be the winning strike within an argument or strong debate.'

'weirdo':
'someone who is different from everybody else, but that's okay because they're being themselves and they aren't like the fake bitches you see these days'

'Wing Nut':
'1. Ideological extremist from either side of the political spectrum who unquestioningly repeats any and all propaganda and/or conspiracy theories propagated by their side of the political spectrum, no matter how unlikely. 2. An eccentric driven by religious fervor to take on unusual or irrational social or political opinions without care that other members of society consider them off balance. The extremism of these people's faith is proof to them that they are right. 3. A person who was unfortunate in the allotment of his or her genetics, causing his or her ears to be abnormally large and protruding. Originating in Australia where it is rarely used derogatively it became an insult when the word migrated to America 4. An aficionado of the Detroit Red Wings. 5. A fan of the political drama television programme The West Wing  6. A peice of metal that can be easily turned with the fingers used to anchor screws into wood or other material'

'Waluigi':
'god'

'Whitney':
'A beautiful, sophisticated woman. She enjoys respect and cute jestures. Buy her flowers and chocolates and she'll be yours forever. She deserves attention and is generally good at everything. She seems innocent but has a dirty mind. Of course she's gorgeous as she often wins and accomplishes everything. She loves everything and everyone, but don't piss her off or you'll think the world is ending. Normally her hair and eyes are gorgeous and she is one damn fine friend. Enjoy her and give her lots of compliments, she forgives easily, but you should always forgive her too. Love her unconditionally, never lead her on. She has an adventurous soul, appreciate it.You are lucky if you meet one.'

'Waldo':
'A mysterious man that vanishes into the abyss only to be found in childens book. These book have cause millions of suicides.'

'watermelon sugar':
'the words that everyone who made a definition for after (or close to) November 16, 2019, only did to feed their fantasies of what Harry does behind closed doors despite it not being necessary to go that deep to enjoy the song.'

'WAB':
'Wet Ass Bussy'

'wet back':
'Originally a nick name for Mexicans greaser, beaner, pepper belly, either legally or illegally in the country.  Originated in the American Southwest border states, Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, and California.  Through common usage has come to mean citizens of any nation who have immigrated here illegally.'

'weasel':
'shifty, schemeing person that will do whatever they need to to escape whatever they fear in the moment'

'woody':
'(n) A wooden roller coaster'

'Weenis':
'An excuse for 12-17 year old guys to say a word that sounds like penis but isn't penis. Most claim that the weenis is the flap of skin under your elbow, but we all know thata. The skin is the Olecranal skinb. You are just obsessed with saying penis if you say weenis constantly'

'wade':
'cutie with a booty;hottie with a swimmers body'

'Westchester':
'A far superior version of Long Island.'

'wolverine':
'Standing at 5'3" and weighing in just over 250+ lbs, he is considered the "best there is at what he does," which, of course, is fighting.  Armed with animal keen senses (i.e.: hyper keen scent tracking, enhanced hearing and sight), an unbrakable, laced-with-adamantium skeleton, a set of razor-sharp claws, enhanced strength (due to the bodily adaptation to carrying all the extra weight provided by the metal in his body), and an enhanced healing factor, he is considered to be one of the deadliest mutants of the x-universe.  '

'wingman':
'A wingman is a friend that you can bring to a bar or party in order to find women more easily.The wingman is useful in case you don't already know a single women that is interested in hanging out and getting laid. A wingman avoids going out to a bar or party alone, which may not be fun and women may not be interested in guys hanging out alone. If several women are hanging out together, it is easier to approach women if you are with a wingman. While you are talking to the girl you are interested in, the wingman will take care of the other girls.Usually the wingman is a single man, however he does not need to be single and it could be women, also known as wingwoman or winggirl. If you cannot find any friend interested in being your wingman, you may find one close to your city on websites or online groups of social networks of the "pickup artist" community.'

'Wilson':
'adj: Describing a person who is super awesome. Very good at everything possible (except losing).'

'Wig':
'Ricky Dillon explained wig very well in response to a tweet. In his reply on March 10th 2018, he said "Its basically like you're shook. Like something exciting or crazy just happened that made you so shocked that your wig flew off so in short: wig! but if you wanna spice things up you can add an action after that's a synonym for flew or gone. For example: Wig incinerated."'

'watermelon':
'i'ts a fruit and don't act like you all don't know this'

'Whitey':
'a derogatory term for persons of European ancestry; see also honky, cracker and blue-eyed devil'

'Wattpad':
'A place of smut, the occasional amazing story, and most importantly 'to be continued, last updated June 15th, 2016.' In sometimes this gets frustrating. Although I do find it fun to see what some people come up with either if they're really creative, or completely garbage where they just change the character names from Hary Potter and rewrite it. It really has a wide range of users.'

'Walker':
'Walker is everything a girl could hope for. He's smart, he's athletic, he's sweet and gentle, he's caring, he has an amazing family and he could be a model with those dark melting eyes and thick brown hair. But he seems to be very confused about life. He's moody, he's emotional, he gets mad, he likes to argue, and he pushes people away. But I just want him to know that I would be the luckiest girl in the world if he ever liked me again.'

'Why don't we':
'5 talented and gifted singers that formed in September 2016 on the 26/27th. They all have angelic voices and create AMAZING music. In 2017 they were featured in 'Help Me Help You' and 'The Fall OF Jake Paul' both songs made by youtuber Logan Paul and were signed to Atlantic Records. Members of band include: Jonah Marais, Zach Herron, Daniel Seavey, Corbyn Besson and Jack Avery.'

'Window licker':
'A person of limited mental capacity who licks the windows of a short bus.'

'WoT':
'abbreviation of Wall of TextA piece of writing that does not use proper grammar and generally looks like a giant essay with 20 to 400 sentences without using paragraphs or any bit of spacing at all.sometimes confused with WOT'

'Wemo':
'Pronunciation Key: "Wee Moe"Discriptive word:1. A word for a person, that assumes, he/she is lonely/emo/alone even though he/she actually is not.2. Wannabe Emo'

'Wallflower':
'A wallflower is a person who is introverted and is separate from the crowd, usually at a party. Not particularly shy but are reserved when surrounded by a lot of people and big personalities. Not really knowing what to say so can come across as socially awkward. This person will blend in and become almost invisible to others. They choose to stand back rather than getting involved as they prefer to observe. They have no desire to be the centre of attention.Generally they are quite happy in themselves and accept being different. Wallflowers can be creative and wise.A wall may be ordinary and unnoticeable but a flower is associated with beauty and can be rare, you won't truly learn until you get close.'

'w00t':
'An expression of joy and excitement.'

'Wasteman':
'insult - someone who does nothin with their life (or nothing much)eg Jimmy drops out of skool and has no job and claims benefits for 5 years an still lives at home with his mum an has dirty clothes- Jimmy iz a wasteman.'

'West Virginia':
'Country roads, take me homeTo the place, I belongWest Virginia, mountain mama Take me home, country roads'

'wonk':
'Can also be a "policy wonk". A person who looks into all the technical details of implementing a political policy, usually a back-room boy either in a political party or working for the government.'

'worm':
'A long snakey boi'

'weston':
'An amazingly sweet guy who will always stick up for what he thinks is right. Might not be the most popular, or the most "cool", but he is one of the nicest people you will meet. Westons are usually sarcastic a little bit of the time, and if they fall in love with you, they will do anything for you.And sex will be great. Westons usually stand up for their friends whenever, and won't let them down. Westons usually become best friends with a kid named Kyle. And has one jerkass friend named Jake, that is very untrustworthy. They usually fall in love with girls named Hailey. Westons need to learn that they break hearts easily.'

'whats good':
'Means 'What's up?'Often used to drag Miley Cyrus.'

'Wing':
'Wing : VerbTo not try your hardest doing something; to try random things and hope you will suceed. Usuallly because of low probability of trying hard and suceeding.'

'WMD':
'Political slang for oil.'

'Walter':
'Walter'

'Wizard':
'A 30+ year old virgin.'

'wyd':
'"What You Doing?" See "wubu2"... present tense of "what you been doing?" may also been seen as wuu2.'

'winnipeg':
'For definitions about Winnipeg, see:'Winnipeg summer' - also: tundra town and little Antarctica or zambonieville - you know, the peg!'

'Walk of Shame':
'The walk from another person(s) house, apartment, condo, dorm, van, bar, park bench or other; to your place of residence wearing the same clothes you had on the night before.  Typically used when someone leaves the home of a sexual escapade (quite possibly with someone you met the night before) in the morning; hair sticking out in all directions, lines on your face, and missing at least one article of clothing. In the event that your “Walk of Shame” did include sex, you may be wearing your partner’s clothes. If you did not have sex you probably did get into a fight, damaged property, was escorted off someone’s premises, or in someway embarrassed yourself. In any case you will need to check yourself for injuries.'

'White Knight':
'1) A man who stands up for a womens right to be an absolute equal, but then steps up like a white knight to rescue her any time that equality becomes a burden.2) A man who Promotes gender equality but practices special privilege for women.'

'woof':
'In the gay community, it's an adjective used to describe a sexy guy, but not the feminine kind of guy, but a more masculine guy; one who you wouldn't identify as being gay if you saw him on the street.'

'Wah':
'The noise the worlds most beautiful creature, Waluigi, makes.'

'what it do':
'whats up or whats tha deal '

'Wicca':
'A Wiccan is a person who follows the religion wicca. Wiccans are sometimes classed as "Witches". This is true but usually a witch is someone who includes spells with their wiccan studies (this is the majority of wiccans). People who do this are sometimes refered to as "Wiccan Witches".  Wiccans can be solitary practitioners (on their own) or be part of a coven. Covens don't normally accept wiccans under the age of 18. Some do persecute or lie about wiccans because of scary images of people dancing around fires naked, but wicca is actually a very peaceful and harmonious religion, although some practitioners do go "skyclad" (naked) if they feel comfortable. Usually going skyclad is just classed as getting in touch with nature.  Some wiccans do wear alot of black, not because they are goths, but because some believe that black helps them channel energy. A typical stereotype is that wiccans worship the devil. This is not true. In fact they believe in the goddess and the god. Another stereotype is that wiccans "hex" or "curse" people. There are some wiccans who decide to study "black magick" but very few actually practise it because it comes back to the crafter by the threefold law (basically the threefold law is the equilvent of "what goes around comes around" but in wicca it is "An Ye Harm None, Do What Thou Wilt."'

'Wawa':
'Convenience store based in Southeastern Pennsylvania. The chain does derive its name from the town of Wawa, PA, where the dairy that supplies the stores resides.  However, contrary to a number of "definitions" on this site, the term "Wawa" is not an onomatopoeia for goose noise and such.  The town of Wawa (as with many, many places in the United States) got its name from the American Indians that resided there.  In this case, the tribe was known as the Lenni (LEN-eye) Lenape (LEN-uh-pee).  According to the corporate site www.wawa.com (and anybody who grew up in the area and has paid attention):  "'Wawa' is a Lenni Lenape Indian word for the Canada Goose that was found in the Delaware Valley (area where PA/NJ/DE come together), that's why we use the goose on Wawa's corporate logo." This store is superior for a number of reasons: - No-fee ATM's in every store (assuming your bank doesn't charge for transactions).- Most are open 24/7.- Milk and cigarette prices are generally the lowest that they are allowed to charge by law (given price controls and taxes).- Capable employees.  Rarely rude and always English-speaking.  Many people have made a career out of working for Wawa...they also have a well respected management track program.- Fresh and delicious sandwiches and prepared food (soups, meatballs, stuffed soft pretzels, breakfast sandwiches, etc...)- "Super" Wawa stores...have gasoline and are generally 2 or 3 times bigger than normal ones.  These are usually in high-traffic/travel areas (i.e. highway exits) and have clean bathrooms.  Going north on I-95, you'll generally see these right off the highway exits starting around Fredericksburg, Virginia.'

'weapons of mass destruction':
'a general term used to describe nonexistant items. Similiar to the unicorn, Tooth Fairy, Loch Ness Monster or contents of Al Capone's vault.'

'Welsh':
'People who are from the country of Wales. Wales is a country in the UK, and its capital - as well as the largest city - is Cardiff. "Welsh" may refer to the people of Wales or their Welsh accent.'

'Wells':
'Any drink prepared with liquor deemed by a particular bar as "wells".  All bars have different brands of "wells liquor".  Usually this is their cheapest liquor and is used in most drinks unless a specific brand of liquor is "called" (requested). See call.'

'Windows XP':
'Finally, a fricken OS that stays stable for more than 2 hours. However, the constant 'send error report' shit makes you want to vomit all over your monitor and shit in your hard-drive.'

'WWJD':
'The first 4 letters in WWJDFAKB.'

'whatevs':
'whatever, but for cool people'

'Wombat':
'A stocky terrestrial marsupial.'

'woo-woo':
'(see also woowoo) adj. descriptive of an event or person espousing New Age theories such as energy work, crystal magic, Reiki, bizarrely restrictive diets, or supernatural/paranormal/psychic occurrences; often has studied in an authentic religious tradition such as Hinduism or Zen Buddhism, but now practices an Eastern-influenced yet severely watered-down and Westernized pseudo-mysticism; can also be a synonym for sketchy, probably because Santa Fe, NM and Sedona, AZ,  self-proclaimed woo-woo capitals of the world, also have a large and skeptical rock climbing population'

'wankstain':
'1. A semen stain on clothing, particularly embarrassing for a male around the groin area. A stain possibly caused by a male accidentally ejaculating on ones self or sexual misadventure.2. A derogatory term used to describe a person as nothing more than a disgusting semen stain.'

'wad':
'Wad(n.)1: A data file for id Software's incredibly popular 'Doom' series of games first released in 1993. The term ".Wad" is short for "Where's all the data?" They can be used to distribute user created content as well and thus spawned the videogame modding phenomenon. As of 2006 there are thousands of user created .wads avalible for download.'

'Warlock':
'Despite modern neo-Pagan offense taken by some at the word, "warlock" has for centuries simply meant "male witch" in common English usage. Claims that the word originates solely from an old word for "traitor" are erroneus. In extant Medieval records, male witches are often called "warlock" by Christian persecutors and judges. If one of its' meanings is indeed "traitor", then it is reasonable to assume that oaths broken were Christian oaths, and that "warlocks" were perceived as being "traitors" to Christian values and society.Many modern day male witches are reclaiming "warlock" as a positive word of power and ancient imagery, even as the word "witch" was reclaimed in years past and recast in a rightfully positive light. These men know that many who make sweeping statements about witchcraft speak only for their particular coven or tradition and not for all, despite assertions to the contrary.'

'Wet Dream':
'A man gets a boner and cums ( a woman can get a wet pussy, so they can have a wet dream too) during slumber and can't control it.'

'wheel':
'Trying to, or the act of picking up a girl.'


'XD':
'XD is a laughing face.'

'XBox':
'A system made when Bill Gates realised he didn't have enough money.Since programmers didn't like the XBox when is was announced, Microsoft bought a bunch of companies to make exclusive games, such as Bungie and Rareware. Also, the system in competition with the Playstation 2 for people who only buy EA sports games.'

'xbox 360':
'An x-box once fully rotated'

'Xavier':
'One of those people who seem abrasive and rude all the time, but once you get to know them turn out to be a kind, caring, listening individual. In large groups will always be the jokester but one-on-one will melt your heart. May take awhile to fall for him but once you do there's no going back A good Xavier is someone you want to have around.'

'xxx-tentacion':
'a rapper who left an imprint on many peoples lives. who will forever be missed. who was shot in his own state of florida. died at age of 20. Regardless of what you thought of XXXtentacion, there's never a reason to celebrate the death of someone at just 20 years old. RIP X, hopefully the change and message you were trying to spread in your community and your talent will be the reason we remember you.'

'Xander':
'Xander is an all around great friend! Xander is really kind and loves everybody that is nice him. Xander is crazy, weird, and a little annoying, but in a good and funny way. Xander is the kind of guy that alway has your back, no matter What! Xander is really random and funny, and knows how to make people laugh, but also question humanity. If you are having a bad day Xander is always there to make you feel better. Xander loves and gives great hugs, and LOVES to snuggle. Xander isn't the most smart or good looking guy, but he knows how to treat a woman right. Xander is very protective of everyone he loves and is quick to stand up for others. Xander is really fun to be around and is entertaining no matter where he is. You're missing out big time if you're not friends with a Xander!!!'

'Xbox Live':
'Xbox Live is a device created by Microsoft to set back man's evolution; making him angry, competitive, and hormonal. This substance, or "drug" causes mood swings depending on the win/lose ratio of the individual playing. Xbox Live is also very addictive. No matter how angry the individual becomes, they will always come crawling back.Xbox Live is also becoming the new "E-Harmony" or "Match.com".'

'X':
'The one who’s gonna give it to ya'

'xanga':
'The "trendiest" xanga -- an online journal must have the following information: 1) A list of every little thing that you did, including trips to the bathroom, shower, and anything personal that you should want the world to know.  2) If you went out, you must list every single person that you went out with. It's only a superb entry if you can list everyone. INCLUDING people you saw, people you met, people you wanted to meet and people you wanted to see. 3) In your status bar, you must "shoutout" to ALL the people you know.OR- Write a mushy lovey dovey poem, saying i miss you, i love you, i want you, why cant i have you, i cant live without you, i am so desperate for some ass, you know..that kinda stuff..  4) a) To add some 'flavor' to the site, you must talk in incomprehensible ghetto slang that only you and your homies would understand. oh yea. almost forgot, you have to ToGgLe YoUr LeTtErS LiKe tHiS, oThErWiSe YoUr XaNgA eNtRy WiLl n0t Be CoMpLeTe!!ORb) You may choose to write babyish, cute, sweet, you know write in words that makes reading take longer than it should.  5) At the end of each entry you must force your xanga friends to 'drop you some epills' or 'holla baqq!' (whatever that means). 6) At the entrance and exit of your xanga page you MUST have consistant pop ups reminding people to eprop you, miss you, threatning to kill people if they dont eprop you,  curse out those who tries to right click. 7) Remember to curse a lot, but ONLY show your status!! no need to make sense either. 8) Yes, and self adulation is everything. you must first write about how your ass is so fine, and convince others that it's true by posting pretentious pictures of yourself showing your 'fine ass' (i've seen some pretty bugly pictures on xanga). While flattering yourself, your self esteem is then boosted, allowing you to continue being an egomaniac. 9) Try to make each xanga entry as concise as possible. Shorten your entry to one word if necessary, then force all your friends and random people to eprop you, making yourself look important. 10) End each sentence with lol. LoL a lot.'

'xxx':
'1) Pornographic material2) Roman numeral for 303) Three strikes in a row in bowling; turkey4) A terrible movie starring Vin Diesel5) Signifying "straight-edge"'

'xanax':
'Xanax is mainly used for anxiety. Almost like a dirty word when brought up around a doctor. I don't quite get the hype of why everyone loves it and become insanely addicted to it. Just makes me really tired. Very easily obtained by and old aged doctor. My doctor is 72 and write 100 2mgs of xanax a month to me, and I didn't even ask for it. And all I said was that I'm a bitch when I get my period.'

'Ximena':
'Ximena is a beautiful Mexican girl with brown eyes is very wild and goofy likes to beat up boys always Speaks spanglish doesn’t give af about what ppl say she sticks to her bstfs.when she likes a boy she’ll always try to talk to them.if u have a Ximena keep her she’s the best out there 🤩‼️'

'X-factor':
'It's Just that "thing" that makes an individual stand out. Captures your full attention. Side Effect- People are dumbfounded when in the presence of the X-factor.'

'xmas':
'An abbreviation for Christmas, from the Greek spelling of Christ, the first letter of which was chi ("X").'

'Xena':
'A Beautiful girl. She is simply amazing. She is funny, charming, alluring. she is different as you can tell by the name , but this is what makes her so amazing. Her originality, her creativity. Her mind will blow you away , and so will her kisses. She is the one that's worth it. If your friends, be more then friend, regret will be far from your mind. She is a pretty good kisser too (;'

'XO':
'XO stands for ecstasy and oxycodone.It is also the name of The Weeknd's record label.If someone considers themselves 'XO' they mean that they are fan of The Weeknd. Or better known to XO's as Abel M. Tesfaye.Disclaimers:1.Do not get XO confused with 'hugs and kisses'. If you do, oh boy do I feel bad for you.2.Do not pronounce 'Abel' as 'a-bell'.3.Do not consider yourself XO if you do not already know everything about The Weeknd, his history, and refrencess of his.4.You are just a fan (not XO) if you don't know what Trilgoy, Kiss Land is, and don't get the refrencess fans say.'

'xzibit':
'Feels the need to cover the world in flat-screen HDTV panels.'

'XP':
'An emoticon that is used to portray either laughter or death. For this reason, it is extremely ironic and often creates confusion between texters.'

'Xenia':
'A fucking awesome girl who doesn't take other people's shit. Short and amazing. Smart, brave, courageous, everything they could ask for. Once you meet them, you'll fall in love with her because you know, they are them. Don't get her pissed off because she'll cuss you the fuck out. But she's nice when you are. Unless you're too nice... Then watch the hell out.'

'Xanny':
'Slang word for Xanax. Xanax is a potent, short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class—a minor tranquilizer.Xanax is used to treat anxiety disorders, panic disorders, and anxiety caused by depression.It is highly addictive, due to it's fast effect.'

'xenu':
'A Scientologist deity - an intergalactic tyrant trapped in an everlasting force-field - and an excellent imaginary scapegoat. Scientologists blame him for all our problems, and you should too.'

'Xqc':
'Cheeto'

'Xan':
'A slang term (pronounced "zan") that refers to the often abused perscription drug Xanax (alprazolam). This shortened version of the name is used almost exclusively by those involved with the drug recreationally. On Anerican black markets, one will hear the terms "xan" or "bars" more often than "xanax" or "alprazolam." The origin of this abbreviation is unknown, but it likely came about due to the fact that one who is acutely intoxicated on xanax might be incapable of pronouncing the longer names.'

'xyz':
'An Abbreviation for "examine your zipper".'

'Xanadu':
'A song about an ice mountain paradise by the band Rush.'

'xoxo':
'Hugs and kisses O=HugX=KissIf you look at each letter like it was representing two people from a bird's eye view, the "O" represents the arms of those persons hugging each other while the "X" is evocative of two people kissing each other.'

'X Æ A-12':
'The top baby name of 2020, most notably of Elon Musk's son "X Æ A-12 Musk".'

'Xbox One':
'Microsoft's latest addition to the Xbox console franchise, which has been debuted in May of 2013. The successor to the Xbox 360, the One sports more high a performance hardware, support for higher resolutions and 60 frames per second, much like (in some cases) a midrange gaming computer. With it's somewhat updated graphics unit and 8 GB of RAM, the One is a technological step up from the 360.This console has been the center of ridicule in the gaming community for well over six months, up until it's release in November. Because there were growing concerns over DRM and restricted library issues, a majority of consumers diverted their attention to the upcoming PS4. however, after its release, the One was able to stand up on its own as a formidable gaming platform. Well over 4.2 million units around America have been installed and are being actively used by gaming enthusiasts every day. Even so, as the One has surprised a number of gamers and consumers, it still comes under fire from multiple sides; dedicated Sony fans and the other half of Microsoft; PC.All arguments aside, the One has finally shown some potential as a decent gaming machine, and the author is curious to see what content becomes available for it as the year goes on.'

'xcore':
'A suffix used to emphasise the extreme properties of just about any adjective, noun, verb, or even meaningless words.'

'Xtreme':
'To define something as "cooler" than the norm. Originally used for outrageous sports and death-defying stunts, "Xtreme" has managed to find its way into nearly every marketing campaign in America: deodorant, beef tacos, soft drinks, and even duct tape (I swear).'

'xenimus':
'An "Online Rpg" not unlike the several other more popular games on the market today.  Xenimus is alike to games such as everquest and dark age of camelot in that it is very addictive.  (Addictive does not mean good)  Differences include shoddy 1994 grade graphics, extremely harsh experience and gear loss, and full player versus player combat. (on normal servers) Gameplay is repititious and lacking in any kind of appeal.  You play xenimus because you have to, not because you want to. Strong points:  Fast, if not deep, pvp combat.  Social engineering to steal gear from fellow players; ie: "Just let me borrow it"  *yoink* costs $5 a month, and you can mail the man (just one guy from wisconson runs this thing) cash, so its userbase consists of adolecents and children that do not have acess to credit cards. To sum up:  Your life is short and precious - don't waste a single second on Xenimus.'

'XIV':
'14 - Norte -Norteño-Nuestra Familia.  Primary color, Red. Started in the prisons in California, it is now made its way throughout the Southwest. Mortal enemy XIII-13-Sur-Sureño-La Eme"The Mexican Mafia" Primary color, Blue. Bottom Line: We are all brown, and the sooner we all figure that all, the better off we'll all be.  '

'x-files':
'A pioneering work of Science Fiction and one of the longest running TV series ever. It revolves around the lives and work of FBI agents Fox Mulder, a conspiracy theorist and believer in aliens, and Dana Scully, a non-practicing doctor who is often exasperated by Mulder's paranoia. The two agents are assigned to cases involving the unexplainable and the paranormal. Episodes have involved the whole gamut of plot themes, from Time Travel to Shapeshifting to Ancient Jewish Mysticism. Part of the show's allure is that the episodes rarely have what can be considered a "happy" ending, but one that does usually bring closure to that particular case.'

'xbox fanboy':
'Normally a 12 year old who has never played a video game prior to HALO, and believes its the best system ever just because they think HALO is the best game ever.'

'Xenophobia':
'intense or irrational dislike or mostly fear of the worlds best mineman pvper'

'xx':
'kiss kiss'

'Xbot':
'A person who is blindly, fanatically loyal to Microsoft. Will immediately buy anything with the Xbox logo and mindlessly insult anyone who doesn't share their fanaticism, and would proclaim a blank disc with "Halo" scribbled on it to be the greatest game ever made. Rarer than the Nintendrone, but no less lame. See also: pathetic, fanboy, moron'

'Xenomorph':
'Phase one - Egg, A soft  pod that contains Phase two of Xenomorph Development Phase two - Facehugger, A Spiderlike creature with a tail that implants an Embryo into the throat of the being it latched onto*, It's tail wraps around, and constricts the throat, so as to cause the victim to lose conciousness. Then, To prevent host death, It gives the host small amounts of oxygen from two sacs behind the legs of the Facehugger. Once the embryo is implanted, it sinks down into the upper chest of the host, where it gestates. As soon as the Embryo loses touch with the implantation 'tongue' of the facehugger, the facehugger detatches and dies. Then the Embryo grows into Phase three. Phase three - Chestburster, The Production of the embryo, it's name comes into play when it is fully grown. Where it digs/eats it's way through the hosts internal organs, bones, and chest, and 'bursts' out. Depending on the host, the Xenomorph may be of varied sizes immediately after birth. Human and Yautja Borne-Xenomorph chestbursters are relatively small, but Dog and cat, and soforth borne Xenomorphs grow until they no longer fit in the host's stomach, then they 'burst'. The Chestbursters gnerally take familiar traits from the host Humans 'give birth' to Xenomorphs with Humanly capabilities, such as Bipedalism. Once a Chestburster is born, It immediately looks to feed, once it has done so, It sheds it's chestburster skin and fully grows into Phase four. Phase four - Fully-Grown Xenomorph, Having fed and grown, It meets it's final stage of life. Now that it has inherited all the traits it needed to grow, It no longer changes. Depending on the physical abilities of the host, now factor into it's job in the colony. If it was born from a Marine, It would grow as a Warrior or a soldier, If it was born from something that was unemployed, or a working class person, It would be a Drone, a worker. Usually Xenomorphs born from lower life forms, such as dogs and cats, Are used as scouts and runners. Yautja-Borne Xenomorphs are usually cast out, or left unused by the Queen. Classes of Xenomorphs Drones#1: Singular Drones, Usually cast out, or first-births**, They aren't used to Hive work, and usually make their own mock hives, for food. Hive Drones#4/5: Drones are workers, they secrete the hive. They follow the exact orders given to them, even if it includes harming the queen. They will also harm others of theirs, if it is necessary to follow the queens orders. Runners#3: Lower-births**, they are sent out to scout out more places to expand the hive, and report to the queen, as she is immobile. They have thinner bones, but stronger appendage muscles*** To help them run. But as it also seems, it helps them capture prey if necessary. Soldiers#6: Extremely powerful muscles, and thicker bones, to make them powerful to destroy, But it also slows and weighs them down. They are not protectors by any means, They are sent to make war against deadlier threats. Usually they aren't even birthed, because the Xenomorph's usually assimilate everything, instead of destroy it. Warriors#2: The bridge between drones and Soldiers, They protect and fight for the queen. They have thicker bones and stronger muscles, but not as thick or strong as the Soldier, to balance them out. Prætorians - seven are born, and protect the queen, nothing else. They are born after the queen, but live much longer, to protect the queens final-laid egg, her successor. They die out after the Praetorian eggs are born. They are bigger, stronger, somewhat undersized queens. They have powerful, small arms proof, skin. Queens#2/4/5 - The Largest Xenomorph, one of it's kind is birthed to a hive from the previous one. This is the complete Schbang, she gives birth to the eggs, and orders all of the Xenomorphs born, ALL OF THEM. She is secreted to an Egg chamber, where the Eggs come out from. However, if the situation calls for it, she can detatch from the egg laying device. Since she is noramlly secreted to the wall, she has little balance, and stutter-steps around when free. *-Queens and Prætorians have their own Special Facehuggers**-Born before a queen, casting them out of a hive.***-Born from a lower creature, like a cat, or a dog, or an Ox.#-Which movie the Xenomorph class was encountered1-Alien (1979)2-Aliens (1986)3-Alien3 (1992)4-Alien Resurrection (1998)5-Alien Versus Predator (2004)6-Alien Versus Predator: Requiem (2007)'

'Xenophobe':
'Basically, to hate or be afraid of people from different cultures, religions or ethnic origins. Comes from the word xenophobic.'

'xJokerz':
'A retarded dude who thinks male MSU cheerleaders are hot! In other words, he is the salami in an all male sandwich.'

'Xavi':
'A guy you want to butter your muffin. A Xavi will not only light up your world, but also will screw the lightbulb in. He's long, tan, and handsome. He can be an angel on the outside, but a devil in bed. Xavi is one of the funniest people you will ever meet, and is incredibly smart. A best friend you will ever have (especially in bed)!'

'Xtina':
'(syn) Christina Aguilera'

'xeno':
'1) Stranger; foreigner; alien 2) Strange; foreign; exotic; different New Latin, from Greek, from Xenos, -Stranger Feminine = Xena; Masculine = Xeno'

'xc':
'short for Cross Country, as in running Cross Country, as in the best sport out there.'

'X-Men':
'{First off, I sometimes wonder if this Urban Dictionary was created as some kind of breeding ground for idiocy... In the Marvel Universe, A particular group of Mutants (Homo Superior as opposed to Homo Sapien) with special abilities who have grouped together to defend humanity as well as they can. Although a significant portion of humans hates mutants, they still strive forward to show mutants are not all evil as many think.'

'Xiao':
'Hottest daddy you'll ever see. He has a giant dong, and smooth body. Saves you when you fall down. If you want him to love you, give him almond tofu.'

'XMM':
'Annoying, cringe, pretentious, narcissistic little girls usually aged between 12 to 17. Hobbies include underage smoking, drinking and sex, tattoos on thighs or wrists and usually covered up by a stupid poorly edited emoji, face over hands cause TikTok filters are catfish as fuck. Snap score of over at least 100,000 and at least 1000 plus Instagram followers or more and always posting dirty mirror selfies cause their lazy asses can't be bothered to clean it. Worse than VSCO Girls but not as bad as Feminazis. Malay/Bangla/Chinese Yp boyfriend who's at least twice their age. Both are airheaded as fuck going no where in life.'

'xtc':
'n. slang for the drug Ecstasy  (C11H15NO2)(methylenedioxy-n-methylamphetamine) MDMA'

'X-Phile':
'A person who is a fan of the hit TV Show "X-Files"'

'Xerox':
'The word "xerox" is commonly used as a synonym for "photocopy" (both as a noun and a verb) i.e. to make a copy with a Xerox photocopy machine.Xerox was founded in 1906 as the Haloid Company, changed their name in 1958 to Xerox and came to prominence in 1959 with the introduction of the first plain paper photocopier using the process of xerography developed by Chester Carlson.The novelty and popularity of the Xerox photocopiers made them a household name in the USA for decades after.While the "xerox" word is commonly used as a synonym for "photocopy", the company Xerox is concerned about the ongoing use of it, because it put the brand name in danger of being declared a generic word by the courts.'

'Xochitl':
'She is a very beautiful girl, always keeps it trill. Never been fake. And real loyal. Got some killer swag, a style everybody want. She never got time for games, as this will make her not like you. She a trill hood girl, always misunderstood. Booty like Trina. Attitude like a hood girl. Most beautiful and realist girl you will ever come across. So keep her.'

'x play':
'A show that dates back to the orgins of zdtv when it was called Extended Play. It has managed to survive many years all the way from zdtv, techtv, and now G4techtv. With long time host Adam Sessler who has had two co-host to this point. The first Kate Botello, and now Morgan Webb.The show is a mix of humor (mostly campy gags and over the top line reading) and gaming reviews, previews, interviews, etc.'

'X-Japan':
'To say they were the most influential band in recent Japanese history would be a vast understatement.'

'xerxes':
'Most of the other definitions were written by 14 year old kids who liked 300 a bit too much. In reality, Xerxes was an Emperor of the Persian Empire before Alexander the Great conquered it. He didn't look a thing like he did in the movie, btw. And he wasn't gay.'

'x3':
'You Remember xD? You like :3? Well, x3 is the combination :DYou can use it when u found something funny or something that you say to someone you likex3 is a happy cat face that heard a funny joke or is happy for a reason'

'Xero':
'Xero1) When the number Zero is not low enough. You need something even more pathetic.2) The lack of integrity in ones work3) Someone who is terrible at PC gaming'

'X-Pac':
'Height: 6' Weight: 212 pounds From: Minneapolis, Minnesota Favorite Quote: "Your ass is grass, and I’m gonna smoke it!" Finishing move: X-Factor Career Highlights: European Champion (2), Tag Team Champion (3)   A former WWE wrestler who started his career as the 1-2-3 kid, but then went to wcw and joined the nWo as syxx (6th member).  After a reign as the cruiserweight champion, he returned to the WWE and joined the Degeneration-X as a pivotal member. X-Pac is now currently retired.'

'X1':
'A South Korean K-pop group produced under Produce X 101. With members, SON DONG PYO, KANG MIN HEE, SONG HYEONG JUN, LEE EUN SANG, KIM YO HAN, NAM DO HYON, LEE HAN GYUL, HAN SEUNG WOO, CHA JUN HO, KIM WOO SEOK, CHO SEUNG YOUN. (They have a 5 year contract)'

'Xgames Mode':
'Pulling off a stunt/Trick that deserves the admiration of X games'

'Xing':
'Short for Crossing.  Usually only seen in type and not heard.'

'xobile':
'The name of a South African blackjack dealer'

'Xion':
'Godlike, inhuman, superior, etc.'

'XFL':
'(noun) X-Treme Football League; the name of a failed football league created by WWF/WWE owner, VInce McMahon. This football league lasted only one season before being canceled.'

'xandria':
'the very best girl you will ever meet and it doesnt come any better than her.An xandria is the best of the best she is a bossAn Xandria is chill af.'

'xzavier':
'person who is a complete badass and a great friend everyone wants to get to know him and hangout with him'

'xue hua piao piao bei feng xiao xiao':
'The chorus lyric from Chinese hit song "Yi Jian Mei", which means "one plum blossom" published in 2010 by songwriter Fei Yu-ching. The song was used in a hit Tik Tok video with a chinese man who looks like the chinese bootleg version of Humpty Dumpty in ShrekThe song was originally part of the soundtrack for a 1940s chinese drama of the same name (shot in 1984). The drama was later remade twice first as Grief Over QingHe River (30 episodes-shot in 2000) and then New One Plum Blossom (40 episodes-shot in 2009)The word use in a sentence is ambiguous and can mean anything'

'xbone':
'An abbreviation for Xbox One, the third video game console released by Microsoft. Seemingly originated as a marginally easier way to type the name in social networks, the term was soon adopted by skeptics using it to derisively refer to the console after its controversial introduction.'

'Xiomara':
'She is beautiful and has a great smile. When she's around you can't help,but smile.She's really shy,but once you meet her she's funny and fun to be around. She's one of a kind,and extremely easy to fall in love with.'

'Xfinity':
'New branding of Comcast. Cleverly disguised mathematical equation representing the culmination of their customer service's intentions of how often they plan to fuck you over. Short for "times infinity."'

'X-Raided':
'One of the greatest rappers of all-time if not the greatest. Raided has released over 20 albums from prison. He's been in jail since 1992 for gang-related homicide, but he maintains innocent. His 1992 album "Psycho Active" which is widely regarded as the album that brought horrorcore and dark rap onto the scene was used as 'proof' that he committed the murder.X-Raided still records albums to this day and is set to be released from prison in May of 2016.'

'x_X':
'dead chibi smiley. used to show that one is dead. or embarrassed. or in trouble. yeah, you get the picture.'

'Xenogears':
'A role-playing game released for the Sony Playstion in 1998. It is well-known to have a very complex and intricately written storlyine that is filled with western theological references and metaphors. Developed by Squaresoft.'

'xylophone':
'A slang term used in the fashion and entertainment industry (and often in the pro-ana community) to describe visible chest bones in a female due to extreme thinness.  Not used with regard to the side of the body but specifically the breastplate due to its xylophonic appearance.  Synonymous with xylobone.'

'Xian':
'This is an abbreviation for the word Christian. It comes from the Greek name for Christ, Xristos, and is essentially the same notation as we commonly see with Xmas. Another variation on this is Xtian, although the addition of the extra t is not entirely proper.  Used as a cool alternative to Christian, which is a whole lot of letters, albeit a really wicked name.'

'xiando':
'Xiando was originally a scientific term, coined by psychologist Henry Goddard from a Greek word meaning "foolish" and used to describe a person with a genetically determined mental age between 8 and 12 on the Binet scale. It was also once applied to people with an IQ of 51-70 and was a step up from "imbecile" (IQ of 26-50) and two steps up from "idiot" (IQ of 0-25). The word xiando, along with "retarded" and "feeble-minded" (among others), was once considered a valid descriptor in the psychological community, though these words have all now passed into common slang use, exclusively in a detrimental context. '

'XXL':
'The standard "medium" size for most Americans.'

'Xboned':
'The act of getting boned by Microsoft's upcoming Xbox One system. This can include the price, the used game restrictions, or the always online connectivity.'

'xavien':
'Awesome, sweet handsome guy who is loved by many and friendly to all girls favor him and adore him.'

'xanax bar':
'A 2 mg Xanax , that is shaped like a bar  | ==== | . Can be divided into 1/4s . Abused by many. '

'xeus':
'Sadistic genius that tortures people for fun.'

'Xboner':
'1. An Xbox One player.2. A Microsoft fanboy.'

'Xbox Customer Support':
'1: A pain in the ass system for trying to fix a problem but just leads to more shit wrong with your system then before.2: A secret underground tunnel full of indians (not feather indians, dot head indians), and mexicans that do not know what the hell they are doing and google your question as you ask it.'

'x0r':
'A suffix that enhances the 1337ness of a word or statement.  Common -x0r words are h4x0r, sux0r, fux0r, r0x0r, b0x0r, c0x0r, dix0r, jox0r, and sex0r.  Any word that ends with a -cks sound can easily adopt the -x0r ending.  See also z0r, the similar suffix used for words that do not have the -cks ending.  (pwnz0r, etc.)'

'xor':
'Exlusive "or". Meaning one or the other, but not both. In English, "or" is often meaning xor, and the computer "or" (meaning one or the other or both) is and/or. "xor" is used in most computer syntax.'

'Xenon':
'n. Symbol XeA colorless, odorless, highly unreactive gaseous element found in minute quantities in the atmosphere, extracted commercially from liquefied air and used in stroboscopic, bactericidal, and laser-pumping lamps. Atomic number 54; atomic weight 131.29; melting point -111.9°C; boiling point -107.1°C; density (gas) 5.887 grams per liter; specific gravity (liquid) 3.52 (-109°C).'

'Xi Jinping':
'Chinese dictator for life. a.k.a. Winnie the Pooh (seriously, look it up!)'

'Xandra':
'A girl who is independent and strong. Beauty resides as one of her best qualities, but stands second to her personality. Shy at times, but also very comical. Lightens the mood no matter where she is at.'

'XS':
'A smiley face that can be used to express stress, embarrassment, or just when someone is trying to be cute!Used in the same circumstances as >.<'

'XF':
'An Australian Ford Falcon which was produced from 84-88 (230 odd thousand made). Its not the best looking or fastest of cars but certainly kicks other cars asses in destruction derbys  Powered by the infamous 250 Crossflow (250ci came either carby or efi) engine this car had splendous amounts of torque to pulverize other cars.  often found with Bogans or Isajeeps driving them because of their relative cheapness. oh and door handles screw up often'

'xkcd':
'1. Saving a few seconds at a long red light via elaborate and questionably legal maneuvers.2. Having someone call your cell phone to figure out where it is.3. Calling the Ackermann Function with Graham's Number as the argument just to horrify mathematicians.4. Instinctively constructing rules for which floor tiles it's okay to step on and then walking funny ever after'

'Xenocide':
'The eradication of a foreign species, usually extraterrestrial in nature.'

'xia':
'way to define something spectacular'

'xtian':
'meaning christian the x comes from latin and is the latin letter for christ, i.e. x-tian means christ-tian or christian'

'xbox player':
'A small dick virgin who lives in the basement.....yes'

'Xochilt':
'Is an Aztec,Mayan, and Nahuatl name that means flower princess. She is a sexy yet intelligent Latina woman with long dark brown hair with beautiful exotic eyes . She is the most realest and nicest woman you can ever come across to. This exotic woman will make you fall in love with her sense of humor and her beautiful flaws which makes her so extraordinary and so original. She is a little bit of crazy, hood, shy, loving and unpredictable in her own way. She falls in love with originality. She has her sense of style that everyone loves and follows her own trend. She strives for success and never gives up. She’s true to her word and always will be . She has a rockin body with a booty like Trina. If you ever come across to her sideways she will disown you from her life. So if you have a Xochilt keep her she is everything you’ll ever want .'

'xj':
'1984-2001 Jeep Cherokee. 2,884,172 Produced during this time period. Originally designed by AMC (american motors corp.) and produced by AMC, Chrysler, and DaimlerChrysler. Completely individual vehicle that created the SUV Craze. Replaced by the Jeep Liberty in 2002.'

'XL':
'Model designation for a Harley Davidson Sportster motorcycle.'

'xenosaga':
'An under apreciated RPG that deserves more respect. It's visuals are nearly perfect. The cinemas, though long, are interesting and also unapreciated. Gameplay is satisfying to those who are patient. Many may not agree with this definition, but fuck them, they should give it a better chance, it deserves it.'

'Xo trayvon vert':
'State trooper holding shampoo type nig'

'Xtube':
'A adult version "you tube". Web site has home made porn.'

'XXXX':
'Beer made in Brisbane. Its popular there, but so are a lot of other things which others may frown upon. It has a lot of chemicals and preservatives used in it due to the Queensland heat, so the taste suffers. Source of many jokes, "Why do queenslanders drink XXXX?""Because they cant spell beer"Etc, etc.'

'xq':
'spanish abbreviation for "por que?", where "x" is por and "q" is que.'

'X'ed':
'A variant of Punk'd, but a PG-13 version of the word, coined by Jamie Kennedy.'

'XR':
'Acronym for Extinction Rebellion, grassroots movement demanding urgent action regarding climate change via non-violent direct action.'

'xilf':
'x-ray i'd like to fuck'

'Xaria':
'Xaria is a Sweet, Cute, Kind, Bubbly girl. She can be awfully mean when she wants to, but oh so sweet when shes in the mood. Xaria can also be very weird as a reaction to see your reaction. Xaria rules the world with her godess powers. Xaria is typicaly a girl.'

'Xana':
'Xana is a name given to a really cool person that typically resembles Michael Cera. They usually love the LEGO Movie and love to Morgan Freeman.'

'Xenogender':
'A Xenogender is a gender that is made for peoples interests/struggles. It is most commonly used by neurodivergentpeople because they have more intense interests than others. Some neurodivergent people have a more complicated relationship with gender so these help with that also!'

'xanthe':
'Xanthe is an amazing, beautiful person, of whom everyone wants to be friends with. Can be a little weird at times however behind the act is a perfectly normal and fun loving person, with a fantastic future ahead.'

'xplr':
'it means to explore. go subscribe to sam and colby<3'

'xxxtentation':
'A controversial rapper from Florida who has made some lit songs such as "look at me" which its lyrics (just so you know) are pretty weird but still a lit song'

'xool':
'Xool - Adj. The COOL way to say "cool". Started as a typo and turned into much, much more.  And don't let anyone tell you that it means "xtreme cool". Because it means xool and that's all it means.'

'Xactlies':
'When your breath smells exactly like your butt.'

'X-bomb':
'You take ecstasy earlier, and then you fart and an ejaculation comes out instead'

'X-rated':
'lewd, obscene (x is the most censorious rating in a system that rates movies based on sexual content and violence)'

'Xiahou Dun':
'A guy who got shot in the eye with an arrow, and then pulled the arrow out, with his eye on it AND ATE IT, because1) His mother gave it to him2) He's such a badass'

'Xpert':
'An 'Xpert' is someone who can over come nearly every obstacle.Mainly associated as somebody who has exceptional computer knowledge and a person who will always aspire to be better. This type of person is often fond of a quote like "This war we fight is not against powers and principalities, it is against chaos and despair... greater than the death of flesh is the death of hope... against this peril we must never surrender. No one knows the shape of the future, or where it will take us -- we know only that the future is always born in pain."'

'Xbox Series X':
'The newest Xbox console arriving late 2020. While it may look like a fridge it will have the most gaming power and will require less force to smuggle up your anal cavity. Prone to hate from PS4 players who have never tried Xbox and assumes it is still 2013.'

'xitlali':
'A great girl w Who is outgoing but that's herself a lot. Gets great grades in school and is very intelligent overall. She is always there for her friends and will never leave anyone behind. She's great at make up and has a poppin style. If you get a chance with her it will be the greatest chance of your life so don't mess it up. She excepts all people into her crowd and fits into all of them. she can go from being smart and intelligent one day and then being the funniest and sweetest girl You have ever met the next.'

'xboxtoughguy':
'Male, usually at the age of thirteen to sixteen.  Always talking shit during and after games but if met in REAL life would fold up like a little bitch.'

'xyl':
'A ham radio term for a wife. (x young lady) A girl friend would be a yl (young lady)'

'Xuan':
'A walking sex goddess, which lures men into her bed with her pheromones, charm, and smile.If you survive the night, she will bring you breakfast in a bikini with red lipstick, with eyes that are too big for her face.She presents herself in your dreams as your fantasy, where you wake up with a boner.Xuan is the definition of addiction. Where suddenly you are unable to think about anything else, because she embodies everything you want in your fantasy women.She has the tendency to suffer from bitchy resting face.'

'xen':
'The alien planet in Half-Life.'

'Xypher':
'Another name for cipher and Shinigami (Angel of Death).'

'xat':
'To have or experience a prolapsing of an orofice, usually the anus.'

'Xterra':
'The Ultimate 4x4 from Nissan designed to show Jeep owners that they are not special but just a bunch of people who conform to each other.'

'xigdem':
'A Kingdom Hearts yaoi pairing between Xigbar and Demyx. While not half as popular as the well established pairs such as AkuRoku or SoraRiku, it does have a fair amount of popularity in the Kingdom Hearts fandom. It is typically seen as a crack pairing, due to the fact that over the course of Kingdom Hearts II Xigbar and Demyx have no contact with one another. Where or why it originated it a bit obscure. It seems to make most sense that it originated from the popular theory the Demyx is one of the youngest members of Organization XII and Xigbar is the eldest. This is slightly akin to AkuRoku, seeing as Roxas is 15, and Axel is typically thought of to be an adult. Another reason might be that Xigbar's voice carried the tone of a steriotypical 'surfer dude', while Demyx's element is water.'

'Xanth':
'Xanth is a fantasy world created by author Piers Anthony for a series of novels. It is a world of magic and puns where Piers sometimes questions the meanings of reality, politics, and all other matters that confuse us. The word "Xanth" itself is also a pun, some call Piers Anthony Pier "Xanth" Ony. Funny right? -_-'

'Xandir':
'Xandir is a character on a cartoon reality TV show parody, "Drawn Together". He's a video game parody. (I'm guessing Link from Zelda.) He's 19 and discovering his homosexuality as he joins the Drawn Together house. And yes, he's possibly the best character on Drawn Together!'

'xombie':
'an on-line flash series created, animated and written by James Farr.  plot centers around a post-apocalyptic wasteland where a hybrid vigilante zombie named dirge battles the undead, while trying to protect an amnesiac human girl named zoe. utter coolness ensues.'

'Xara':
'The name Xara means Flower or Love. Xara is a beautiful, sweet and loving person. Always caring for others, making sure they're okay. The origin of this name is Arabic, although may be seen around the world. Not a very common name in the Uk.'

'xhamster':
'The most premium meat beating material'

'Xiana':
'a girl who’s beauty is undeniable, her personality makes her easy to fall in love with. she knows what she wants in life and will do what she has to do to succeed. she’s super athletic, determined, sexy, and fun to be around. she overall has a great sense of humor, she is caring for each and everyone of her friends. xiana is reliable and she’s easy to get along with easy to talk to, and she is nice to everyone. you can tell her anything and she won’t judge you, she is also very cool and has tons of friends. if your friends with a xiana, don’t take advantage of that.'

'XLC':
'Xtremely Lame Clown'

'XXX-mas':
'A triple X rated version of Christmas. Often used between two or more people in a private atmosphere which include "sex-capades" employing sexually oriented gifts exchanged by the participants.'

'Xavia':
'The most amazing person ever! She is absolutely gorgeous and has a great sense of humour. She is a girl that is very shy at first but when you get to know her you wouldn't trade anything in the world for her. She is a great person inside and out.'

'Xi':
'Xi is a very common Chinese name. It has a lot of meaning. For example, Xi can mean that you like something in Chinese. But they are a lot of Xi. For example, 喜 and 西 are just two of the many Xis in the Chinese Dictionary. But otherwise it is a pretty name for both girls and boys. But mostly girls.'

'Xeris':
'Armenian slang referencing the male genitalia (i.e. the dick). Correct usage is translated as "to my penis," conveying a sense of apathy as found in the colloquial phrase "fuck that shit", a common interjection in apathetic language.Most powerful usage occurs when the "r" in "xeris" is extended indefinitely. This term is geographically specific to the Greater Los Angeles region, specifically bounded by the jurisdictions of Glendale, Pasadena, Burbank and surrounding vicinity (as in North fucking Hollywood).'

'Xela':
'It's Alex spelled backwards. If someone is identifying by the name Xela, it means they are conflicted with themselves. They are in great pain. It's a call for a nurturing attention because they feel abstracted from society. Help them reconcile.'

'XM':
'XM which is an abbreviation of the word EXTREEEMMMEEE! from "Harold and Kumar go To White Castle"'

'Yeet':
'To discard an item at a high velocity'

'your mom':
'The most versatile dis/comeback ever created in the history of your mom. Usually it has no effect or sense (especially when used in response to your mom or when you're talking to someone's mom), but it's hilarious when you use it right.'

'You':
'Not me'

'YouTube':
'A website that is owned by Google that has absolutely terrible copyright rules, thanks to the DMCA.'

'Yolo':
'Yolo means, ‘You Only Live Once’.'

'yankee':
'The word is a derogatory term used to describe Americans by the Brits, Canadians, Australians and the like; but in the USA used to define an American from the Northern States in the USA, such as New England and the Mid-West.  It was most notably used to describe to the Federal Solders and other Northerners by the Confederates during the Civil War Era. Even though some foreigner’s refer to all American’s as Yankees, does not make it so. Call a Southerner a Yankee and he’ll think you’re either just plain dumb or that you are trying to pick a fight.  The characteristics often associated with a stereotypical Yankee are shrewdness, thrift, craftiness, rudeness, arrogance, and loudness. '

'Yo':
'Another Way of saying "hey" or "hi"'

'Yes':
'Yes I'm no, No I'm yes, We no yes'

'yo mama':
'1.  A phrase used as a formal declaration of defeat.  For example:  "Kenneth replied  'yo mama' when he realized he could not counter his opponent's point." 2.  The principle part of a "Yo Mama" joke, usually entailing a description of  your mother being so "something" that "something" occurred as a result.'

'Yaoi':
'Many people (mostly fangirls) get the term Yaoi, mixed up with the term shounen-ai though the two may be closely related being that they both show relationships between male characters, there is a difference. One depicts explicit content So let's clear things up, shall we?Yaoi is used to describe titles that contain sex scenes and other sexually explicit themesShounen-ai is used to describe titles that focus more on romance and do not include explicit sexual content'

'Yams':
'A big fat juicy ass.'

'your face':
'A one-size-fits-all retort guaranteed to amuse or annoy.For reasons that elude linguists, sociologists, and recipients alike, the phrase is sometimes held by its proponents to be the greatest comeback ever, and one to which no reply is possible.Several studies have found a relationship between the humor value of "your face", the number of repetitions, and the average age of the audience. A commonly cited example gives the relationship as:humor = 2^(n * (1 - abs(13 - age)))This model predicts that for ages 12-14 "your face" never gets old. For age 13 its humor grows geometrically, hence a sequence of "your face" retorts may only end due to anoxia or exhaustion.For everyone else "your face" just isn't funny.'

'y'all':
'contraction for you-all'

'yugioh':
'  Yu-gi-oh is a television/manga series created by Kazuki Takahashi which is also a popular card game. The original manga was published in Shonen Jump Magazine. The title Yu-gi-oh is a play on words in japanese. "Yugi oh" translated means "king of games" which is the alternate title in the english version. An alternate spelling in Japanese, Yujyo (taken from the first kanji of the main character Yugi Motou and one of his friends Joey Wheeler, Katsuya Jounouchi in the japanese version, alternate spelling Jyonouchi) means "friendship" which is a reoccuring theme in the series.  In the dubbing process alot has been cut out and changed to suit a younger audience (and make more money of the merchandising). The dubbed version of Yu-gi-oh is not a true representation of the story and it is better to watch the subtitled Japanese versions that are floating about out there or even read the manga.'

'Yuppie':
'Stands for Young Urban Professional. Yuppies are usually the children of doctors and lawyers, hold Master's degrees from Ivy League universities, and are very concerned with their appearance. Many were in fraternities and many live in expensive houses or apartments.Yuppies can typically be seen in large metropolitan areas such as Portland or New York. Their wardrobe consists of grey, black or khakhi slacks, usually with grey, striped or pastel colored suit jackets and shirts. Yuppies typically take the idea of competing for social status extremely seriously. Their culture revolves around Starbucks coffee, expensive foreign restaurants and romantic comedies starring Julia Roberts or Tom Hanks. Yuppies generally only hold political views that are considered trendy.Many yuppies go into fields such as politics, big business, public administration, medicine and law. You may have worked for one.'

'your mum':
'Humourous response to any question where a noun or noun-phrase is expected. See also: Yer mum'

'Yuri':
'While most people think of Yuri as the girlxgirl or the Japanese girl's name meaning lily, but in Russian Yuri is the equivalent of the English name George which means farmer'

'Yoda's':
'Wrinkled saggy titsAlso see Baby Yoda's'

'yee':
'The sound given off by green, Italian dinosaurs in musical cartoons'

'Yasmin':
'A wonderful, cute, and loyal girl. If she ever does something wrong, she will admit it. People might hate Yasmin and treat her like garbage, but despite all those people, she lives on. Yasmin is a funny girl who will make you smile and during conversations make your heart melt. She is the girl you need as a friend, she will care about you and make sure people don't hurt you. Find yourself a Yasmin.'

'Youtube comments':
'The only place where a polite discussion about kittens can lead to a flame war about government conspiracies.'

'yar':
'Hasn't anyone ever seen Kate Hepburn in <i>The Philadephia Story</i>?  Yar - when a boat is trim, responsive, and in all ways lively in handling.'

'Yahoo answers':
'A useful novelty created by Yahoo that was designed for those who are curious about the things in this world but are too afraid to ask.  Also, this allows people to share their knowledge with the rest of the world.  Unfortunately, after December 19, 2006, the day the message boards died, trolls now need a new home, so it looks like Yahoo Answers are about to be hijacked by ignorant trolls.'

'ya mum':
'the answer to practically every question in the world'

'Yoink':
'An exclamation that, when uttered in conjunction with taking an object, immediately transfers ownership from the original owner to the person using the word regardless of previous property rights. '

'YEAH':
'1. Adapted from a nefarious, celebratory expression of fulfillment and pleasure during a Palpatinian Galactic Republic conflict, YEAH illicits the paradoxical, primordial feeling of satifaction with the demise of a foe/adversary.2. A spontaneous and vociferous articulation of exuberance shared in 'call and response' reciprocity during any appreciative interaction with a friend. Occasional pitch inflection (lower or higher octave) used as a discretionary option to incite laughter.3. A term used to greet a friend.'

'Yank':
'1. A term used by the British to describe all Americans.2. A term used by American Southerners to a. describe Union Forces during the American Civil War; b. Post Civil War reference to Americans from non-Southern States.3.  Slang for male masterbastion.4. A term to describe pulling something very hard and fast (see number 3)'

'Yay':
'Yes'

'Yesn't':
'The proper way to say "no"'

'yellow fever':
'1.  A term usually applied to white males who have a clear sexual preference for women of asian descent, although it can also be used in reference to white females who prefer asian men. 2.  An infectuous tropical disease carried by mosquitoes.'

'yandere':
'A common term in otaku fandom, a yandere is a person (usually female) romantically obsessed with someone to the point of using violent means to get them in their arms. Often seen with a sharp weapon and a psychotic grin.'

'Yasmine':
'Probably the sweetest and cutest person you’ve ever encountered. She’s always trying to help others out even when she’s not benefitted in the process. Can be clueless when it comes to giving hints towards something so help her out! She’s very intelligent and does everything she can to get what she wants.• Guys are always trying to hit on them and make moves so if you’re interested in one, make your move before it’s taken!Strengths:• persuasive • beautiful• big hearts/loyal• weirdos in the best way• observant and somehow have a way to know when you’re lying• best memory• easy to open up to• They come off mean when you first meet them but overtime you start to cherish them and are able rely on them for EVERYTHING.'

'yo momma':
'The answer to any question, when the correct answer could not be attained at the present time.'

'Yaya':
'Nickname mostly for a Yarely. Has a bubbly personality, is shy the first time you meet her, girls with this name tend to be quiet but super outgoing,Is really pretty, loves black people, she's really nice to people but has a hidden attitude so watch out you reach that point 'cause Yayas' will snap, has A LOT of friends and tends to be popular but Yayas' keep their most trusted friends to a minimum and hangs out with her closest friends a lot,Yayas are very good friends and very trustful. Sometimes gets mistaken as anti-social but she's not she's just quiet so approach her because she's nice and a very lovable person and very independent so she isn't afraid to stand alone. Yaya is a forever nickname.'

'yuh':
'1. A way of saying yes or yeah with more attitude.2. What Ariana Grande says 30-50 times in the majority of her songs.'

'Yote':
'To yeet in past tense'

'your':
'1.  The posessive form of the word "you."  USAGE PROBLEM:Commonly confused in usage with the word "you're," which is a contraction of the words "you are."'

'yak':
'Congnac. As in the brandy. Used by hip-hop / rap artists'

'yellow':
'the person you would die for, someone who has done so much for you and is the sunshine in your life'

'YOYO':
'Abbreviation for You're On Your Own. Something you say after a stupid person says YOLO, letting them know that you have no part in what stupid thing they're about to do.'

'yayo':
'cocaine'

'YETI':
'YETI is better than hydro flask.'

'Yonkers':
'The backyard of the Bronx. Population 200,000, 18 square miles.'

'Ye':
'another term for "yeah" or "yes" '

'yikes':
'a reaction to everything.'

'Youtuber':
'Someone who uploads youtube videos, particularly someone who has some what of a fan base. Although it can mean anyone in youtube, it specifically means someone who makes videos.'

'yahtzee':
'word shouted when something good happensor when you don't know what's going on'

'yard sale':
'When a skier or snowboarder eats it on the slopes and loses all of their gear.  If a skier loses his skies, poles, hat, goggles, and anything else, shout "YARD SALE" from the ski lift above him.'

'ya':
'Acceptable:  Replacement for "you"Unacceptable:  Replacement for "yeah"  The first definition is correct, because "ya" is actually how a lot of people pronounce "you" in a casual conversation. But using it as "yeah" is incorrect and stupid, because nobody in real life pronounces yeah like "ya".  The only people who type it that way are people under 25 who are trying to be cool and fit in with the rest of their e-buddies and Myspace losers. A lot of them make the excuse that it's easier to type "ya" than "yeah".   Yeah right.   It's just their way of hiding the fact that they're trying to be cool and fit in on whatever board/forum they're posting on. At least things like "orly" and "kthx" are funny......"ya" is not.   It's just dumb. By the way, expect all my votes to be negative, because they're all mad that I'm right. P.S.  go read a book instead of wasting time surfing the net or playing video games......you might learn something.'

'yum-yum':
'Another form of the word yumyums  Hot Asian girls'

'yee haw':
'A non descript exclamation which usually accompanies alot of hooting and whistling at whatever is causing the excitement. Most likely coined in the southern states of north America (eg Texas). Can also be used to punctuate traditional country and western music. It might also be exclaimed by the rider of a bull or bucking bronco at a rodeo or their spectators.'

'Yoshi':
'Best fruit-eating, baby-carrying, shoe-wearing dinosaur ever. Comes in a variety of colors including the standard green, blue, red, yellow, and coming soon, hot pink and electric blue.'

'You're':
'A contraction of "you are" that a painfully large group of dumbasses mistake for "your".'

'Yag':
'An act of defiance, a troll, created and used by the Chatty boys from Canada. It is Pronounced “Yug” often screamed in public. If somebody yags you back after you yag, you know you have a beauty.'

'Your Mother':
'literally "Your mother". A derivation of yo mamma, used as a joke insult for any occasion. It doesn't have to make any sense at all and can be part of a phrase. Often used in a sexual context.'

'Yuri on Ice':
'That one sport anime that doesn't fuck around with it's amount of gayness.It's about cute ice skaters.'

'Yoonmin':
'Yoonmin is the shipping name of Yoongi and Jimin from BTS - aka the kings of love hate relationships and eye smiles. Seriously, if you don't ship them what are you doing with your life?'

'y':
'the only letter you type in while on your way to watch youtube'

'Yash':
'Basically the perfect guy. Extremely handsome. Every girl's type. Besides his immensely attractive physical features, a Yash is incredibly intelligent. He is passionate about everything he does and works so hard at things that he becomes a prodigy. A Yash is not afraid of challenging people, but also has tact and knows when to be kind and sensitive. Yashes can actually put their emotions into words, unlike most guys these days. They can be a little prideful sometimes,but they know when they need advice or help and have the maturity to ask for it. A Yash can be very protective, affecting, and sweet, but most of the time they are the kind of guy who you rely on for a laugh. They are always extremely witty, but many people misunderstand their sense of humor and think that a Yash is rude. You have to really take the time to get to know a Yash to fully appreciate one. Yashes are amazing friends who will tease you constantly but will always be there for you when you truly need him. They are astonishingly accepting. If you meet a Yash, pursue a friendship with him--you won't regret it!'

'Yvonne':
'Yvonne is the most beautiful girl in the world. She's perfect .Yvonne has the most beautiful voice and eyes . Yvonne has an amazing personality with a big heart.Yvonne is a one of a kind. A positive loving young lady that will change your life. Yvonne has the cutest laugh so cute that will make people days better. Yvonne has a great sense of humor. Yvonne loves hugs , she's a cute softie! Yvonne will make you laugh and smile when your not feeling it .Yvonne is such an amazing person with a big heart. She's a pretty girl with a loving heart.'

'Yvette':
'Yvette, a young and very attractive woman. So down to earth, sweet, warm hearted, & one of the most amazingest people you will ever meet. Just looking at an Yvette brings a smile to your face. So beautiful , curvy , sexy lips , baby teeth that are so adorable , beautiful brown hair, & a smile that'll just warm you up. Yvette's are known for being loving & nurturing. Although they can be brats at times, when you have one, she's your brat remember that. The type of girl that loves to play flight , the type of girl that's always real , & most of all my that's my type of girl.'

'Yea':
'A southern east coast slang (typically used in Northern Virginia) that means pretty much anything'

'yard':
'hanging ground. chilling ground, home, area where you live'

'Yas':
'An annoying expression used by girls expressing extreme liking.'

'Yee Yee':
'An exclamation used by hunters, fishers and other country folk when just about anything happens. It's used under any circumstances usually with the phrase "live action" added in before. Hunters will occasionally raise their guns in the air to exclaim a yee yee.(Yee may be repeated more than twice if appropriate.)'

'Yang':
'Another word for a thousand dollars. Made popular by the followers of Andrew yang, also known as the Yang Gang.'

'Yokes':
'Irish slang for ecstasy tablets.'

'Yara':
'Sweetest girl alive! Shes sensitive but will smack a bitch if she has to. Shes extremely self conscious about her looks even though she's extremely beautiful. Always remind her of how beautiful she is because she might forget at times.'

'Yusuf':
'A really sweet, caring guy. A really good boyfriend and not frigid. Can be a jerk sometimes but overall really funny and kind to the ones he loves. He's a momma's boy and loves his family more than anything'

'Yum':
'A way to express that something tastes good. I think it can be used as an interjection. Other forms of the word include: yummy, yummiest, yummier'

'Yodo':
'You only die once.A phrase made up to make fun of the pathetic teenagers that think they're so original saying "yolo."'

'your mom gay':
'this is deadass the worst insult you could ever use against someone. any time it is used it will automatically end their career in one strike.'

'Yesenia':
'Yesenia is the girl you don't expect to meet. She somehow comes in your life out of no where and changes you a little. She has beautiful brown eyes and hair, short but the best kind:), and best of all her hugs. Her hugs are what brings you up to a better day and brings a smile on your face. If you ever kiss a Yesenia then good luck pal because you'll think about it for days. She is very likely to become an important person in your life that has pain with her but you must be there for her because she may need you as much you do her. She deserves the best and should always be happy, why, idk because she probably is the best. If you do have one in your life then you are very lucky and never lose her.'

'youssef':
'A youssef is being cool, sexy, annoying, smart, ladys man, legend, fun or tired.'

'yellowcard':
'a yellowcard is a party foul or unacceptable behavior at a party, such as spilling beer or being too loud.'

'yiff':
'1) (noun) Sound supposedly made by mating arctic foxes.2) (acronym) (or more backronym) YIFF or Y. I. F. F. - "Young Incredibly Fuckable Furry"3) (proper name) YIFF sound server. Program for Linux to help handle audio.4) (noun) More or less (usually more) sexual act. Commonly used by furries, usually denotes standard intercourse but may denote any kind of sexual behaviour between any type and number of parties (imaginary anthro creatures, humans, animals, even inanimate objects like plushies). Antonym: Yerf.5) (verb) Like in meaning 4, "to yiff".6) Furry (or otherwise) artwork depicting yiff as in meaning 4.7) Expression of joy (by furries)8) Non-invasive question about sexual feelings/will to mate. Note in all sexual meanings this has a very specific emotional background: It's neither considered vulgar (like "fuck" or technical (like "have intercourse") or emotion-less (like "make love"). It's playful, considering the act like something fun, nice, pleasant and not very important - without any special obligations attached to it. "Let's yiff" has about the same emotional background as "Let's play". See also yiffy'

'yat':
'A Female, nothing more, nothing less'

'Yao ming':
'A Chinese 7'5, 296 pound basketball player who plays center in the NBA for the Houston Rockets. He is pretty good for a person who only has one year experience.'

'youngstown':
'(n) Where Satan threatens to send residents of hell who are deemed unworthy.  This desolate, barren wasteland was at one time an important manufacturer of steel, ranking third in the country in gross production - behind only Pitsburgh, PA and Gary, IN.  After helping the U.S. military conquer the Nazis the city turned its attention to mafia car-bombings (known as a Youngstown tune-up).  After much white flight, the city became a great place for crack-whores (especially lower Market Street,..you know near Chamlmers).  Jim Tressel did what he could to return dignity to the city by capturing 4 National Championships in Division I-AA Football, but any gains made there have since been nullified by the imprisonment of the congressman, sheriff, prosecutor, county commissioner and  a couple judges.  Mess with Youngstown (the fucking Valley to you) and you will get skinned alive if you are lucky.'

'Yesh':
'Meaning "Yes", but jokingly, wittily, to lighten the mood...'

'Yass':
'Simply meaning "yes" or "yay". This word is used at any occasion and at any time and place.The word was mentioned on many Vines, and is being used by many Viners to imitate a "white girl". Some people use the word "yass" to create more of a "Starbucks, Chipotle, White girl".'

'Yngwie Malmsteen':
'The fjory!!!!!'

'yawn':
'The only time some married men ever get to open their mouth.'

'YART':
'Yet another relationship thread. A thread to spill your woes of your loved one.'

'Yogurt':
'A semi-solid sourish food prepared from milk fermented by added bacteria, often sweetened and flavoured.'

'yer':
'a hood form of a greeting '

'yummy':
'referring to something (or someone) deeeelicious and tasty. :D'

'You're fired':
'What the American people overwhelmingly told Donald J. Trump in November 2020.'

'YONKS':
'a long time'

'youtube poop':
'YouTube Poop is a name used for videos posted on YouTube which are usually nonsensical and random. They are simply just randomly chosen clips from things such as cartoons, clipped, looped and remixed to make it sound really strange. The most commonly used clips include scenes from the CD-i game of The Legend of Zelda, and a Mario game called Hotel Mario. These particular YouTube Poop videos (or YTP) are popular among the internet-savvy people and are a major source of internet culture. Some of YTP is inspired by media shown on YTMND.com, such as the public service message given by Sonic the Hedgehog about being touched in uncomfortable places. The most popular source of clips would be from the Super Mario Bros. cartoon, episode called "Mama Luigi". The most used phrase from this episode would be "That's MAMA Luigi to you, Mario!" '

'Yoongi':
'My biggest inspiration. A boy that's been through so much with his mental health to running away from his parents. Listen to agust d- the last. A boy that may seem cold and heartless at first but when you see more of him you'll realize that he's really a super sweet boy that cares so much about his fans. A boy that deserves love and respect. A boy that I worry about a lot. A boy that seems pretty shy at first. A boy that wrote 500 letters for his fans on his birthday. A boy that has overcome so many obstacles to get to where he is now. A boy that I love with all my heart.'

'Year 7':
'Kids at age 11-12 who are in their first year at secondary schoolYear 7's are known for being cocky and disrespectful to older years. They think they are rock solid when, in actual fact, everyone laughs at them and picks on them because they are 'newbies'Lots of people hate Year 7's. Mainly because of the fact that they think they own the school and run around everywhere with bags that are bigger than themselves.Year 7's try to get themselves in trouble just to brag to their mates that they are on report card or they have a detention'

'Yomps':
'A Team Fortress 2 6v6 Invite player who is currently working alongside b4nny.He is known for his amazing play making skills. Most of the time putting his teammates in a stunned state screaming BEAST!'

'YÉYO':
'TRADITIONAL DISTILLING WITH A MODERN TWIST.  '

'Yeetus':
'Same energy as its predecessor yeet, but its use of “-us” at the end makes it appear to have much more elegance and sophistication.'

'YMCA':
'YMCA stands for YOU MIGHT CATCH AIDS. so dont stay at the YMCA'

'Yolanda':
'A very sweet, kind woman. She is usually very mature for her age and stays positive around others while being very depressed on the inside. She treats her significant other very kind and is the role model of how you should treat your boyfriend/ girlfriend'

'yop':
'Slang for stealing Or taking something'

'young buck':
'part of the younger crowd, or just younger, also known as youngin.'

'yani':
'A little sweetie'

'Yeeted':
'When you fucking throw something hard as you can.'

'yerp':
'a word with many meanings such as whats up, yup, yes, you're welcome, ok, '

'yer maw':
'insultcan be used at almnost any moment and in any situation for any purpose at any time.'

'ying':
'1) A really good and happy person who influences others to be happy.'

'yoohoo':
'a bad ass chocolate drink.'

'Yannis':
'Yannis is the most amazing boy you will ever meet. At first he will seem awkward and isolated, but if you care enough to get to know him, you will find that he is less awkward than you thought and open for pretty much anything! Yannis' are hilarious people and will stop at nothing to make you laugh, especially when you're down. they are sweet and nice, even though at first they will seem extremely mean , but trust me, he is not! he is adorable and smart, and loves his friends. He may not show much affection, and maybe that effects his friends feelings, but just know that he is thinking about you and maybe is just to afraid to admit. But anyways, he is awesome and the best friend you could ever have, if you're lucky enough to find a yannis, keep him, he will be your favorite thing in life and you will always have him by your side. Take the chance if he has feelings for you, it's the best thing that could happen, and when he loses interest you will finally understand how important the moment is, because you could lose everything you have ever wanted and never get it back. It's the biggest mistake I've ever made, that's for sure. He is special, don't let him forget that.'

'yolk':
'Working class Irish slang used by knackers meaning different things depending on context: 1 ecstacy  2 foolish ugly idiot 3 thing, item, thingymajig'

'Y2K':
'Supposedly at Midnight on January 1, 2000, all electronic devices would cease to work. Lots & Lots of people stocked up on food & household items. Y2K didn't happen tho!'

'Yorkshire':
'A place for those who appreciate countryside and city alike, fresh air, culture, tradition, rain and down to earth, hard working folk. Not to forget an accent which has a soul, not something nicked off the telly.'

'yo mamma':
'a very harsh insult/come-back'

'yay area':
'Slang For The Bay area'

'Yup':
'Yup is a generic term of agreement issued often by a non-listening party, typically used while performing an additional important task, such as watching tv.  If you are the yupper, by yupping someone, you are not bound in any sense by your agreement, since you didn't hear what it was you were agreeing to. If you are later asked to perform the task, you then have the option to admit that you had yupped the person and ignore the task, or pretend that you had really listened & just go along with the yuppee. If you are the yuppee, and you recognize that you are being yupped, you can call the yupper's actions & state "you're yupping me" or "I'm being yupped", whereupon the yupper may admit the yupping action and feel mild embarrassment, but there will be no permanent damage. yupping, being yupped, yupper, yuppee are all derived from the root 'yup''

'yob':
'The antithesis of what a good boy should be - rude, obnoxious, violent and stupid. Formed by spelling 'boy' bacwards, it was coined in England in the 18th century as it was very popular amongst upperclasses to speak backwards at the time.'

'Yael':
'Hard to "type" cause the more you get to know her, the more you find out how truly deep she is. Shes the girl that has enough self esteem that she doesn't need to push herself into a conversation. She can sit quietly, thinking; and the next minute be loud and funny. She doesn't speak bad about people, or say catty things. Which makes her the kind of person who - if shes having a bad day, you automatically want to give her a hug and make it better, cause you know she'd do the same for you. She makes sure to always include others, and isn't patronizing about it. But shes definitely always there for her close friends. Shes genuinely sweet and has random outbursts of funniness. This makes her a very lovable girl, whom everyone can relate to. Barely do people get mad at her, or have "drama" with her, because she doesn't push herself out there, or make a big deal about petty things. Or lie. Or exaggerate for attention. She notices everything but doesn't publicize anything. Yael's strongest point is that she's quiet enough that everyone knows shes a real, deep girl, but she has an amazing personality and zero ego about it. Definitely a keeper!'

'You know':
'An interjection, most often used when saying something the listener does not, and often could not reasonably, know.'

'yoots':
'joe pesci way of saying "youths"'

'yurp':
'a variation of yes or yep used in almost ever sentence by students in arlington virginia high schools.'

'Ying Yang':
'Chinese world view also rested heavily on yinyang principles. Yinyang was a philosophical view in Chinese society of a unity of opposites, each representing the greater and lesser of similar concepts, which one found in the universe. An example would be the yinyang representation of husband and wife. Yang are the dominant principles of maleness, the sun, creation, heat, light, Heaven, dominance, and so on. Under yin are the submissive principles of femaleness, the moon, completion, cold, darkness, material forms, submission and etc… This unity of one greater principle over a lesser one moves in cyclical path so that no single one is all dominant. These yinyang principles were part of a larger philosophical view of a cosmos (our universe) that was “self-contained, self-operating, spontaneously generating and perpetually in motion.” The Chinese viewed everything in this cosmos as a series of interrelating objects and forces that worked and “resonated” with one another, creating harmony and order. This proceeded off of the Taoist principles of a natural and unified cosmetic pattern.'

'Yan':
'Yan is not a verb or noun. It is a state of mind. If one is gifted enough to achieve this state of Yan, the carrier of this mind state begins to experience feelings of happiness and confusion. When these two are combined, the results can be marvelous. Be on the lookout for puppies, barneys, and illegal immigrants while in the state of Yan. Be cautious however, as overdosing on Yan is possible. In this situation the Yan becomes increasingly sloppy and is a danger to himself and anyone around him. The Yan is then more prone to getting startled. In his confusion the Yan has been known to pee in public and/or somehow end up at some afterparty with no clothes on. Do not be alarmed however as any amount of Yan will eventually wear off with time.'

'yack':
'to throw up, usually after drinking'

'Yoho':
'A conservative, middle-aged, white male bully, bloated with self-importance, who feels free to spew hateful opinions publicly, cursing out all those who disagree, especially progressive women of color. After Florida congressman Ted Yoho, notorious for his vile confrontation of AOC on the steps of the U.S. Capitol.'

'Yoga Pants':
'Pants that make anyone look like they have an ass.'

'york':
'To throw up. Synonyms: puke, throw up, blow chunks, lose it'

'Yip':
'Yip is an abstract noun for the feeling when you are happy/ excited/ want to party.It is not usually used in the same way as happy it is used like the word yay. For example-'

'yazmin':
'Yazmin is an amazing human being that only some people are lucky enough to have in their lives and when you do have her in your life you can't imagine not having her in your lifeBut beware she is not to be fucked withShe won't take crap from anybody'

'Yu Yu Hakusho':
'One day, 14 year old Yusuke Urameshi suddenly finds himself dead, having died pushing a child out of the way of oncoming traffic. Since he has such a bad personality, even the Spirit World was caught by surpise that he would sacrifice himself. Yusuke soon finds out he wasn't supposed to die and has a chance for resurrection and bringing his body back to life. After being resurrected, Yusuke becomes a Spirit Detective, along with his comrades, and one adventure after another happens, whether it be an investigation or a fighting tournament.'

'YUNGBLUD':
'A cute British rock star that has too much energy'

'yt':
'white person ie whitey '

'yale':
'1.Where future presidents 'went'.  2.Also where people 'graduate' then grow up to 'explode' the world, then choke on a prezel.'

'Yah':
'In Korea, this is an expression/outburst used when someone has been embarrassed, offended or annoyed.Or, used to object something.'

'Yate':
'The future tense of the word yeet. Akin to the past tense of yeet, yote.'

'Yama':
'The name given to the sexiest of men. A Yama could wrestle a lion with his bare hands. A Yama only dates the best looking girls.'

'YoY':
'Typically a typo made by iPhone 4 users because their phone screens are so pathetically small'

'Your mum gay':
'Your mum is gay, That's how it is deal with it'

'Youtube rewind 2018':
'The biggest yotube rewind failure gaining 3 million dislikes in one day and quickly becoming hated and becoming a meme everywhere. The largest piece of garbage ever made'

'Yurt':
'Limerick slang, a form of saying "yes" or celebrating soemthing'

'yorkie':
'Yorkie, a nickname given to a breed of dog called a Yorkshire Terrier.'

'Yuppers':
'To agree as in saying yes, but in a cuter way.'

'you got served':
'Colloquial vernacular to express the status of one who is the recipient of a subpoena, which more commonly would be expressed as "You've been served" or "Consider yourself served."'

'yap':
'To steal from, or rob someone. especially jewerly and other valuble items.'

'Zoë':
'When you meet a Zoë they usually come off as shy at first. But then as you get to know them, you can find out how weird, fiery and wild they can be.Many Zoë's are very motherly or caring but aren't afraid to beat someone's ass if they need too.Zoë's are creative, and have a great sense of humor. They're very passionate and have an awesome taste in music.But be warned, even though Zoë's tend to like their friends no matter how many or little may have, they will roast you if needed or blow you off if they find a great new show on Netflix they need to catch up on.'

'Zach':
'An rugged male who can be moody and very independent, but he's also sweet and super considerate. He'll show genuine interest and respect in people he cares about, even if the people he cares for are generally ignored by everyone else. He has a way of drawing your personality out and making you feel like you have a true, trustworthy friend. He can get distant at times, but he will always support you, even from afar. He will be missed by anyone who loses him.'

'Zion':
'A funny, weird, cool, cute guy who tries to keep as many friends as possible. He's the best guy friend or boyfriend you could ask for. He usually doesn't respond to texts right away because he usually busy or focused on his life at that moment to keep his friends and family happy. He's shy at first but give it a week of hanging out with him and he's your best friend. He gives great hugs and can make you laugh whenever or wherever. Zion is basically the perfect guy.'

'Zachary':
'Zachary is one-of-a-kind. No one else is like him. He is an oddball.If he cares about you he treats you like royalty. He wont let ANYONE mess with the ones he loves. He's charismatic and the nicest person you will ever meet. He's different and special. He wont ever hurt you. He has a bit of a temper but its best for the people around him, and his own safety. A protective, harmless, respectful, caring, weird wonderful person. You'll fall in love with him in the first three weeks of knowing him. <3'

'Zack':
'A guy unlike the rest. He often comes off strong and fearless which sometimes pushes people away but if you really get to know Zack, you will soon learn that he has the softest, most genuine heart you will ever find. Someone you can truly get to know for who he is and who you can consistently confide in. He listens with an open heart and will always give you his honest opinion. He has big dreams and with these dreams comes the determination of a lion, a trait everyone admires. He puts 100% of his heart and soul into everything he does and holds faith close to his heart which provides him strength and guidance. He is very handsome, although he often doesn't take notice of this, nor does it matter to him. He loves to joke around and push your buttons but his heart is always in the right place. He keeps the ones he loves closest to his heart, and never looses sight of what is truly important in life. If you know someone like Zack, don't let them go.'

'Zoey':
'Name meaning LIFE. FEMALE NAME.The best person you will ever meet. SHE is sweet,sexy,smart,attractive,weird,playful, and can be shy when you first meet her but then never shuts up after you know her for a while.SHE can be the best friend you've ever had or a great girlfriend. Never let go if you find someone name zoey because they are kind big hearted people that will make you feel loved.'

'Zoe Laverne':
'A person who said the n word and fake cries on live to get her fandom back'

'Zara':
'Zara is a shy girl. Once you get to know her, you'll see how funny, crazy and weird she is (in a good way). Zara has two different types of personalities. One when she's around friends and family, and one where she's with people she's not close to. Zara is very loving and caring and can always cheer you up when you're feeling low. You should never lose a friend like Zara. Zara is your best friend and your bestest friend. She will always try her best to help you and give the best possible advice there is. She's funn, beautiful, talented, weird (in a good way) and lots more. If you have a Zara in your life, never lose her.'

'Zombie':
'The Walking Dead. Scientific name Homo Coprophagus Somnambulus.  A deceased human being who has partially returned to life due to undeterminable causes. The brain retains base facilities, namely gross motor function. In its near-mindless state, it grasps no remains of emotion, personality, or sensation of pain. In rare cases, some of the reanimated have reflexively preformed routine activities from their past lives. The rotting bodies of the undead operate on a fraction of the level at which our bodies normally function. Circulatory, respiratory, and digestive systems are unaffected by reanimation. Labored breathing, choking, and moaning are reflexive but no oxygen is carried through the blood. The nervous system functions primarily within the brain and brain stem. Sensory reception is minimal at best and seemingly unecessary in the pursuit of prey. The undead are incapable of fatigue and will persist at any cost. They will even crawl when their legs have been removed. Even if the head is removed from the body, it will continue to live. The only way to stop the reanimated is to destroy the brain. To prevent reanimation in the recently departed, decapitate the corpse and burn the body.  The only observable action a zombie takes part in is killing living creatures, especially humans, and eating them. Many theories and speculations surround this disturbing behavior. One theory is based on the thought that reanimation is the result of a contagious infection or virus, and that the primal drive to feed will spread the disease to other host bodies. Research has shown that although the majority of zombie attacks result in fatal wounds, all corpses return to life soon after passing, regardless of cause of death. Another theory is that zombies eat the brains of the living to refuel the "un-life" giving chemical serotonin. Because digestive and circulatory systems are incapable of bringing these elements to the brain, this just cannot be true. The final speculation seems the most obvious, that the dead feed for sustenance to satiate their unnatural metabolism. But because the gut has no function in the undead, this is also false. One documented encounter claims that a zombie was unable to move due to the sheer mass of undigested flesh resting in its distended gut. The creature continued to eat even after it's gut had burst open. Studies regarding the nature of feeding have proven that zombies will try to eat when their stomachs and even jaws have been removed. One explanation offers that the walking dead are the incarnation of death itself, a mockery of life that uses the vessels of the living to carry out their dark intentions, they are the opposite of life and are driven to simply undo it.'

'Zelda':
'a) Game series created by Nintendo's Shigeru Miyamoto during the late 80's, based on a combination of Tolkienian fantasy and Dungeons and Dragons style exploration. This series is still going strong more than a decade later with it's latest release, "The Wind Waker". b) Princess Zelda, the character of the series namesake, and weilder of the Triforce of Wisdom.'

'zomg':
'zOMG is a varient of the all-too-popular acronym "OMG", meaning "Oh My God".  The "z" was originally a mistake while attempting to hit the shift key with the left hand, and type "OMG" Also used in all-caps, 'ZOMG' is generally used in a sarcastic manner, more often than not a humiliating fasion. It is also used as a device for stating the obvious.'

'Zak':
'A boy with a perfect heart and a wonderful soul. He's all smiles and laughter, and his ability to make you smile is unbelievable. Sarcasm is his primary language. Extraordinarily handsome. He knows exactly what to say when one is having a bad day. He loves with his entire heart.'

'Zac':
'The most amazing guy you will ever meet. If you find yourself a Zac then you know you’re in luck because he has all the best qualities. He is everything you could ask for in a friend and more. This guy has the greatest personality and is an all round fun person to be around. He will make you laugh and keep you entertained for hours. If you’re wanting someone you could spend all night talking to then Zac is your man. He is the sweetest, most caring boy out there who will look out for you and make you feel good. Talking to him is guaranteed to make you happy. Zac is a very good looking boy with dreamy blue eyes and strong muscles that will beat you in an arm wrestle. Zacs are precious so if you find one, make sure you hug them tight.'

'zane':
'A great and friendly person who actually cares for others and is very funny and helpful to people.'

'Zander':
'The lord of all meatballs, God of earth, Also known as the almighty Pizza Commander'

'Zayn':
'A description depicting something that is so glorious, so hot, so perfect that your love for and attraction to it causes you actual physical pain; but you enjoy it. In short, Zayn is the feeling of something that hurts so good.'

'Zainab':
'Zainab (also spelled Zaynab, Zeinab, Zinab, and in other ways; Arabic: زينب , ˈze næb, ˈzi næb, ˈzajnab) is a female given name meaning "a father's precious jewel", or "the adornment/beauty of the father". ... It can also mean "fragrant flower". This person is confident and smart. She is fun to be around and tries to make everyone happy. Usually she speaks in a loud voice. Sometimes she can also be very very lazy.'

'Zoom':
'AdjectiveVerbWhen you suddenly move quickly from one point to anotherIt comes from the sound that comes from the sudden movement (ex. F1 cars)But also because when you zoom in and out of an image you quickly go from a small detail suddenly to a bigger image'

'Zero':
'Something not to divide by.'

'Zooted':
'When you are so high that you forget you ordered pizza. Then the door bell rings, you get scared, then really happy, because you forgot you ordered pizza.'

'Zach Herron':
'A boy who went viral singing stitches at school and is now in a band called Why Dont We with 4 of his best friends ; Super cute!:)'

'Ziggy':
'Ziggy is a name for people that are amazing. Ziggies also talk to much. Ziggies tend to be abnormally strange. Some Ziggies are really cool though.'

'Zeke':
'Zeke is a cool person, and is v weird. Just very sensitive and depressed.'

'z':
'The most badass letter of the alphabet. No acceptions'

'Zune':
'An MP3 player primarily marketed toward Microsoft fanbois or for people who hate Apple. Although later models were decent enough, the launch product was crippled and ridiculed to the point where it poisoned the brand forever.5 years later most people still haven't heard of it as it awaits cancellation by Microsoft.'

'Zain':
'A great guy who has many secrets but is close to so many people. While he can be stubborn he is right most of the time and the world is not the same when he is not there. He is also a great person to be around and makes everything brighter. He is very funny and has a lot to say but always thinks before he speaks (mostly)'

'Zebra':
'An obscure illness, disease or condition affecting a comparatively small number of people, but with symptoms somewhat similar to one or more different and more common illnesses.It is named because these diseases/conditions are sometimes misdiagnosed by well meaning (but often inexperienced) doctors when something far more common is actually the cause. Medical students are told "remember, if you hear hoof beats, think horses, not zebras".'

'Zaddy':
'A fine, handsome and sexy ass intelligent man that makes you smile and drip every time you see him. He knows how to handle business in and out of the bedroom. You low key want to have his baby! He makes all parts of you excited including your mind. He smells good, looks good and is good!'

'Zac Efron':
'On October 18, 1987, Zachary David Alexander Efron was born in San Luis Obispo, California. His fathers name is David mother is Starla and he has a younger brother, Dylan.At first he was just cute...In 17 again he was hot...BAMM!!like a bolt of lightning Zach Efron was so sexy in Charlie ST. Cloud!!!Playing a more than slightly psychotic stalkerish hottie... yummmmm'

'Zeus':
'Greek God of Thunder. He also happens to be a hoe as he has no problem banging the shit out of his sisters, daughters, mortals, creatures, and even a man.'

'zahra':
'adj. Used to describe the ABSOLUTE best kind of female. They are the all-rounders who don't really know how great they are. Chances are, they don't appreciate themselves much. Very rare to find, Zahra comprises of women or girls who are simple minded, very down to earth, innocent, high family values, morals and ethics, extremely caring about not only the people they know but also someone they just met, as long as the person is nice to her. They follow the saying "be yourself" by heart no matter what people say. Zahra girls can be very emotional and sweet and are the perfect kind of girls anyone would be lucky to have. As they grow older, they might hide their emotions from people to try acting like a grown up and be strong, but inside they'll always be that same person since childhood. They are also very hard working and smart. Zahras aren't superhuman but when they put their mind to anything, they get the job done. Last but not the least, Zahras aren't just about the angelic personality, but they're also incredibly beautiful naturally and they'll prove that everyday as soon as they wake up from bed, without any sort of makeup. Regardless of her conservative nature, if she trusts her companion enough, she'll always make sure he is intimately satisfied as well.'

'zen':
'One way to think of zen is this: a total state of focus that incorporates a total togetherness of body and mind. Zen is a way of being. It also is a state of mind. Zen involves dropping illusion and seeing things without distortion created by your own thoughts.'

'Zoot':
'A spliff or joint'

'Zoie':
'Normally very chill and can take alot of annoyance and pain but when she's really mad you have to beware. She can become your worst nightmare if she is mad at you. She will either like you or hate you. She is very quiet until you get to know her. Once you do you will see how nice, caring, and thoughtful she is. Also she is very silly and weird. She is normally loved by all and wants to be friends with everyone.'

'Zed':
'The way Canadians, British, Australians, and any other English-speaking country aside from the United States pronounce the final letter of the alphabet: Z. The American pronounciation "Zee" is derived from a now commonly obsolete late 17th century English dialect. The pronounciation "Zed" is ratified by the French "Zède", the Spanish and Italian "Zeta", and the Dutch "Zet", to name a few.'

'ZJ':
'If you got to ask you can't afford it'

'Zaid':
'Zaid is the type of person that may seem very hard on deal with on the outside, but he is the most genuine person on the inside. He’s got a genuine smile and look. He is the type that cares deeply for those he loves.He is the most hardworking and ambitious person out there. He gets swayed easily though. Zaid is the definition of perfect. He is the type you want to spend the rest of your life with. he is like a dreamland that you enter and never want to leaveI love you zaid <3'

'Zing':
'A word used by Dracula on the movie Hotel Transilvenia for explaining to his daughter the sound fits the most to the feeling of true love.'

'Zucc':
'He knows'

'Za':
'Really good weed. Like the type of shit you smoke that make you balls/clit QUIVER. you’ll be higher then the expectation you’re stupid ex has for you.'

'zigzag':
'papers used for rolling joints in'

'zidane':
'1. the soccer star from the France team2. to headbutt someone, like Zidane did during the final game against Italy in the 2006 Fifa Cup'

'Zingers':
'Term used when somebody disrespects another person so badly that they should probably leave town and change their identity. The OG 1990 term for roasted, diss or burn (a clever/witty remark).'

'zeeky boogy doog':
'A phrase, when said, causes a nuclear explosion.  This was assumed to be caused by a mysterious machine of Mars, whihc flung an explosive towards the source of the phrase, but after its destruction, Zeeky Boogy Doog was still unsafe to say, therefore something else is to blame for these nuclear explosions.  Most commonly said by the infamous Zeeky H. Bomb, a bomb with a crazed look on its face.'

'zap':
'a game were you write a time at the top of a persons hand and a name at on the palm if they look at their palm before the time at the top of their hand they will have to ask that person out other variations are hugging the person or kissing them this game is usually played by middle schoolers my favorite game ever'

'Zoomer':
'Refers to members of Generation Z and is a play on the term "Boomer," which refers to members of the Baby Boomer generation. The term Zoomer is also in reference to the fast-paced upbringings members of Generation Z are characterized to have due to the fast advances in technology and culture that has been happening around them as a result of the interconnectivity of the American and Global populations because of the ubiquity of internet-connected smart phones and social media.'

'Zafiro':
'A girl with a really flat ass'

'Zoop':
'Zoop; The words of the gods.Zoop is usually used in response to someone stroking their ego.Zoop is a way of life.Zoop is a way of expression.'

'Zaynab':
'Means beautifulAmazingly beautiful personJust saying all Zaynabs are beautifulSwags so princess'

'Zayn Malik':
'Undeniable sex god. He is thought to be very vain, but I would be too if I looked like Jesus sliding down a rainbow to get to a magical pot of sexiness. He is extraordinarily talented and is better known as DJ Malik or Bradford Boi. His favorite saying is "VAS HAPPENIN?!" He was born in Bradford, the city of gods. He is perfectly imperfect and directioners (mainly from Tumblr) will personally come to your house and kick your ass if you believe otherwise. We ARE the deadliest of all fandoms.'

'zip':
'an ounce of marijauna'

'zoinks':
'An exclamative. Made popular by the character Shaggy on the television show Scooby Doo. Often used by itself to express fright, panic or fear.'

'zia':
'zia is the most beautiful person on planet earth. she’s so stunning, ethereal, adorable and overall the best person to ever exist on the entire planet. she will make you smile the absolute widest, she will make you laugh the loudest, and she’ll make you feel loved and welcomed. you don’t deserve her, but yet she is always by your side no matter what'

'Zonut':
'Someone who is a huge fan of Zoe Laverne (a famous tiktoker) people call the fandom toxic but they r really nice caring people. Some of them are really mean but the majority r really nice.'

'Zig':
'Something to be moved, usually for great justice.'

'zakk wylde':
'Outstanding guitarist accomplished in numerous styles ranging from classical to the heaviest metal this side of Tony Iommi. One of the premier guitarists of today. Fiercely loyal to friends, bandmates and fans. Does not suffer fools or assholes well. Big supporter of the Red, White and Blue. Big believer in living by a code of honor. As honest as the day is long. If you don't think you want to know his answer, you best not ask the question. A rock & roll classic.'

'zoya':
'Zoya is a girl that you will become friends with even if you two are the most polar opposites in the world. A Zoya will stand up for you, care for you, and cry with you through the hardest of times. A Zoya will have the most beautiful brown and lush eyes, with long black hair that she always is shy about showing off but you tell her that it is beautiful anyway. A Zoya will be the most popular girl in school that everyone envies. She will be especially envied of her musical talents and abilities. She will also push you into doing things out of your comfort zone without second guessing if you're comfortable with it, but you let her do it anyway because she is our best friend. A Zoya will have a strict but caring and model like mother who will scare you at first but then you realize that she is the sassiest and funniest Russian mother to ever exist. SLAY QUEEN! A Zoya will also show you new things and constantly tries to involve you in k-pop. Did I mention that she is crazy over BTS? Don't worry though, she's the type of person to make you go crazy over them too. And at the end of reading this definition, you will realize that Zoya is the greatest best friend anyone could ever wish for.. and how lucky are you to have a friend like Zoya...'

'Zay':
'The coolest and easiest person to talk to and is known as that nigga.'

'zoolander':
'zoolander is probably the greatest movie ever, starring ben stiller and owen wilson as two rival male models who have to save the prime minister of malasia from the evil fashion designer, Mugatu.'

'Zonked':
'(Adjective) Usually caused by drug use, it’s when you’re not sleepwalking but not fully awake either. You’re awake, but you’re acting as if you had no agency and things only happen to you. But also you’re not like a zombie.'

'Zoidberg':
'Despite being the 'unpopular' character in the series, Dr. John Zoidberg is one of the most popular characters of the hilarious show Futurama, known for his voracious appetite, strange mating rituals, and complete ineptitude at dealing with human patients. Speaking of which, he's not human; he's a giant lobster. Who wears sandals. Is also known for his famous "w00p w00p w00p w00p" noise he makes when running away from danger. Loved by fans of the show, hated by the characters (For being lazy, disgusting and glutenous). Second only to Bender in hilarity.'

'ZooWeeMama':
'The only word in the bible that means anything. Said by Rowley Jefferson in ZooWee 12:9. He blesses god and jesus by saying "Zooweemama i like your beard" to god.'

'ze':
'another word to say the'

'Zaria':
'Zaria or Zarya is amazing and outgoing. she loves to make people laugh and happy. she may be a little hard to put up with but you can't help but love her anyways. She's loyal and will always be there for you when ever you need a shoulder to cry on. Also means sunrise in Russian. (;'

'zanzibar':
'The coolest sounding name for a distant place that's location is unknown to many'

'Zuko':
'Son of Firelord Ozai and Ursa, Prince Zuko was banished from the Fire Nation for speaking out of turn in the royal warroom. For this he was forced into an Agni Kai with his father, who gave him a huge scar on the left side of his face as a reminder of his "shame". He was then banished with his wise uncle Iroh and would not be allowed home until he caught the Avatar, and thus return his honour.  In season 2 Zuko and Iroh become fugitives. Whilst Iroh just wants to start a new peaceful life, Zuko still yoyos between good and bad. A new persona is borne of this inner conflict - the Blue Spirit.When it finally seems Zuko has changed for the better he throws it all away to return to the Fire Nation with his evil sister Azula and claim his throne once again. Season 3 sees Zuko still struggling between good and evil. Although he now has his throne back, he feels guilt and anger because it was through his fault that his uncle was thrown in prison. He eventually confronts his evil father and says that he is leaving to help the Avatar learn firebending. Ozai shoots lightening at his son, but through a lesson Iroh had taught him Zuko was able to redirect it. He escapes and follows Team Avatar to the Western Air Temple, where he offers to help teach Aang. Despite being ultimately rejected and attacked after his first attempt, the team eventually allows him to join, mostly thanks to Toph's support of him. However Katara doesn't trust him at all and at the end of "The Western Air Temple" gives Zuko a serious warning not to step out of line, or she will make sure his destiny ends permanently.'

'zero tolerance':
'A policy that was put into use by United States schools and other establishments soon after the Columbine tragedy.In practice, zero tolerance policies allow for no weapons or dangerous objects in school.However, the noun "weapon" can mean "an object that can be used to cause harm"; the phrase "dangerous objects" is a plural of the same meaning; therefore, almost any object can be considered a weapon.Because of this, overzealous officials often unleash horrificaly exaggerated sentences for the silliest of things.'

'Zaniyah':
'Zaniyah is pretty. She can get a attitude sometimes but when it’s over she makes the room brighter. When Zaniyah gets mad it doesn’t get her way she will ignore for about 2 hours, when she gets mad she will say some hurtful ass shit. But sometimes can be depressed on the way she looks or why this boy doesn’t like her, or family issues'

'Zesser':
'A cool confident person who wears the hottest expensive brand name clothing & huge excessive jewelry. First associated in a man being a womanizer, player or a fuckboy. Then later evolved in being a leader or someone in charge, usually mixed with the connotation of being a drug lord, gangster or pimp.The Trinidadian slang 'zesser' or 'zess' originates from the English word zest or zesty which means to be appealingly, appetizing or sharp.'

'Zee':
'1.n God, or one who is like a god in a certain way. Somewhat like the Zee from the N Room.'

'ZuZu':
'A Beautiful, gorgeous, confident, and intelligent woman who never gives up on anything. She has a heart that will melt yours.Best role model in life.'

'zuckerberg':
'To steal an idea from someone who trusts you (e.g. business partner, friend, or a company that has hired you to do work for them)'

'zit':
'A skin condition that results from having dirt or oil clogging a sweat gland or epidermal pore. These highly irritating, and unsightly formations include many types: 1. White Heads: These result when  large amounts of puss build up under the surface of the skin.  These are the most common type, and are the most satisfying to pop, as long as you're careful where you're aiming. These are easy to remedy, but most solutions are only temporary. 2. Black Heads: Deeply inground dirt can also clog the skin; however, unlike surface blemishes, these fester more deeply than their lighter colored cousins.  They also may produce puss in addition. They are much more painful (and therefore much less fun) to pop. But, once popped, this variety will not return. 3. Ingrown Hairs: These are caused by scaredy-cat ostrich type hairs that don't like the surface, and bury their heads in the ... skin. When mashed, as other types, the hair no longer has a place to bury its head, and has to face the world ... head on. 4. Scar tissue: These are former, washed-up, "used-to-be" puss-geysers that have been dealt with improperly too many times before.  THESE HAUNTINGLY FAMILIAR HAS-BEENS WILL NEVER GO AWAY!'

'zim':
'The main character from the cartoon series "Invader Zim" a.k.a. the best cartoon ever.'

'zerg rush':
'A common strategy where a player mass builds a many weak units as he can, then rushes the enemy base. Usually works best early in the game. Taken from Starcraft, where often zerglings (really cheap unit that can be built in large droves quickly) would be sent at the start of the game to kill everyone in the first couple moments.'

'zipper heads':
'derogitory term for anyone of asian decent'

'Zorro':
'Defender of the working class'

'Zuck':
'Screwing over your friend in any situation, especially in amount exceeding one billion dollars.'

'zoid':
'(Zoids)Zoids are battle suits, half mechanic and half animal. It takes the form of a giant robot (surprise, surprise) and battle, using lasers, ammunition, and just plain biting and scratching. People pilots can control their zoid using the Command System, but that doesn't necissarily mean the zoid would prefer to. Some rare zoids have a "Black Box" or, in reference to the Anime series Zoids Guardian Force or Zoids Chaos Century, an Organoid. Organoids are used to boost power. Zoids are currently common in four animes: (In time order) Zoids Chaotic Century, Zoids Guardian Force, Zoids Century Zero, then Zoids Fuziors. They appear as games, and a short manga.'

'ZZ Top':
'The complete opposite of the jonas brothers'

'zodiac killer':
'what ted cruz was as a young man.ted cruz'

'Zan':
'Another slang name for Xanax (Alprazolam).'

'zamboni':
'kick-ass thing that cleans ice on ice rinks'

'zorch':
'v. tr.  To destroy or render unusuable, esp with electrical current of improper or fatal voltage or current.'

'Zombie Apocalypse':
'The one thing mankind has feared for eternityThe one thing that has happened before, only to be covered up by our governmentGrab a shotgun, machete, backpack, and familyIt's gonna be a bumpy ride'

'Zeina':
'An extremely beautiful girl who will take your breath away just by looking at her.Probably arab or latina.Great personality, makes you want to spend time with her forever.great friend, loyal & always laughing. She’ll want to give you a makeover.All the boys want her but she’ll probably reject you for some older mexican gangster.Very caring ; will do little things to show her love for youAlthough Zeina’s may portray themselves as “ dumb “ they’re actually very street wise & lie to you on the daily without you questioning anything. They will definitely get very far in life.She gets whatever she wantsZeinas know everything about everyone. they can read your body language and figure out plots fast.She won’t be scared to call you out for your BS.Zeina will have the look of the typical popular pretty girl who picks on others, but she is pretty sweet to those who are sweet to her, DO NOT get on her bad side cause she’ll ruin your life in a second.Zeina's are constantly getting asked out by many boys but she will reject them all regardless of how she feels about them,BIG TIME HEARTBREAKER! You won’t know if she really likes you or she’s just bored, but when she does actually like you, she will love you hard and might go a little crazy about her overflowing love. will be a great girlfriend ( shows affection, does whatever to make you happy, takes care of you )If you somehow end up with a Zeina. Brag because like a butterfly, she’s beautiful but hard to catch.'

'zumiez':
'an edgy clothing store, if your a skater you only go there cause their are no other local skating shops, if your not a skater and youre there you are an eboy.'

'Zippy's':
'A Fast Food Chain located in Hawaii most popular in the island of Oahu, This restaurant sells Hawaiian lunches and chili. Zippy's was very popular and is usually next to the Napoleon Baker which sells cake, donuts, desserts, etc.'

'Zuri':
'Zuri is the most gorgeous girl you'll ever meet. She is shy at first but once you get to know her she will be the craziest person you know. She is very real and will always speak her mind even though it comes off mean she is just telling the truth. She is very emotional at times so it's better to leave her alone in those times or you might risk going to the hospital. She is talented, fun, very loving and caring but will hit you once you annoy her. She freaks out when she learns someone has a crush on her. Every time she is shy, angry or uncomfortable her nose will become a bright red. She also has a beautiful appearance with big brown eyes, long red hair, nice eyebrows, and a very defined jawline. If you have a Zuri in your life don't let go of her because her hugs are the best thing you could ask for in times of need.'

'zeppelin':
'best band ever formed actually titled "led zeppelin"'

'zone':
'a zone is an ounce'

'Zoro':
'A swordsman who can make anything look badass'

'zombies':
'Zombies are the new Nazis in gaming. World War II is out, Zombie Apocolapse is in. They  are the new thing that you can shoot and shoot and shoot without getting bored (that is, until something new comes along and replaces zombies).Many current games now are about zombies or feature them in some way. A zombie is either an actual undead (which is the case with Nazi Zombies), or a human who was infected with a virus of some sort and have undead/zombie like charactoristics (like Left 4 Dead).'

'Zora':
'She's the type of person that dont give 2 fucks about anything people have to say. She's a caring kind person unless u make her mad. She is the most loyal person I have meet. I just love this girl.'

'zoomies':
'When you dog runs around the house like crazy jumping on the couch, running up and down the stairs, and all over the house. It usually ends with them falling to the floor, panting like crazy and taking a nap.'

'zina':
'Zina is very pretty girl , she's so sweet and kind of you aren't with zina you will feel you will die and amazing and classy girl ,she's really popular everwhere she's open minded she can't break people's heart and if she , she will be sad and persontity is awesome she's close to tala's name and she a perfection kisser and her heart is so sweet , she's a designer and she the most stylish person and she's a dreamer gurll and she's so freaking beautiful, her friends are so lucky to have her i hope can be with her I love you zinaDid you ever meet zina ??'

'Zag':
'A nickname for Zig-Zag, a type of Rolling Paper used for rolling tabacco filled cigarettes. Another common usage for this rolling paper is for rolling a Joint filled with pot/CannabisVarious Sizes are available. There are also varieties of these sizes including Liquorice, Water Resistant, Slow Burning and Free Burning'

'zippo':
'n. An expensive, refillable lighter. Usually decorated with designs. They last for a long time, and can be left flaming without holding it like a Bic.'

'zoo':
'a confusing and chaotic place'

'Zigger':
'A zebra that thinks its black'

'Zavier':
'Zavier is kind, cute some are Hispanic and they are great in the bed they have a great athletic personally and often have a big penis and they are funny and can make anyone laugh no matter what mood the other person is in.'

'Zesty':
'Is a fill-in adjective for any adjective, commonly to describe characteristics, leaving the true meaning up to the listener's interpretation.'

'zezima':
'Other than being known as the most popular player in runescape. His name has become a slang term to address someone particularly addicted to something. Usually online gaming.'

'Zeek':
'Slang term from the 80s: When a geek has undeniable sex appeal, he or she is elevated to "zeek" status.'

'ZAINA':
'Zaina is a sweet and caring person..she puts others before herself even if she’s feeling down herself she’s very open minded n the only opinions that hurt her if it’s a from a person she loves or cares about she’s very smart and careful about the thing she’s says and does because you never know what people are going through Zaina gives you the right words she always knows what to say she’s beautiful inside out she’s always honest speaks her opinions when needed but zaina is a Person you’d wanna become friends with i think but she’s a really nice person and she gives the best hugs omy'

'Zeeshan':
'The name of an amazing person who is truly loyal and great to everyone he knows. He is typically the life of the party and makes any situation better. His smile can brighten up any room any day. If you know a Zeeshan, consider yourself lucky!!'

'Zoinked':
'That look when you are incredibly high off the devils lettuce and you realize you are trying to spark a banana instead of a blunt.'

'zipper':
'A death trap for your wang.'

'zzz':
'it's the laugh in korean.On the korean keyboard it is ㅋㅋㅋbut if they are typing with a english board the ㅋ is in the place of the z.Usually they use it if they are too lazy to keep switching back and forth between language modes.Also can be written as kekeke'

'Zarah':
'The most amazing beautiful girl on the planet. Her eyes are gorgeous she can drive you crazy but also make you feel ways you never have in your life. She's such a precious girl to have in your life and her personality is great. She's really funny but most of all kind hearted. She brings happiness to everyone and knows ways to truly make you feel valuable but in the end can never feel valuable herself. But everyone knows she is and any person to just know her is lucky.'

'zerg':
'Originates from Blizzard's game Starcraft where zerg were one of 3 playable races, aliens like appeareance, zerg were characterized by using large numbers of weak units to swarm the enemy, also another charasteristic of  zerg were that everything was organic, ie, zerg didnt used machines or any artifacts, they would mutate their own buildings from special kind of larvae and advanced units were created by mutating basic ones. Units were cheap to make and it was possible to make extreme numbers in short period of time. Nowadays term zerg is used in mmo games to describe force consisted of large group of lower level players (often with only basic equipment) who use numbers rather then strategy to defeat the enemy, therefore requiring no skill. This tactics is commonly known as zerging'

'Zillas':
'A person (or gaming nerd) who has a complex about his/her status and image when playing Computer Games.He / She doesn't like losing and will come up with all sorts of excuses.It's what defines the person's life as he/she doesn't really have one and therefore they will vigorously defend their status so they are not seen as a 'noob' online.'

'zoso':
'Zoso is not a word but rather, a symbol. The original symbol was used by Cardano in 1557, which he used as the magickal sigil for saturn, the planet that rules capricorn, Jimmy Page's Sign. Jimmy took this sybol and changed parts of it. The true meaning is one only known to him. In short it is an adapted occult symbol..'

'Zehra':
'Typically a very shy but beautiful girl, prefers being alone with a book. Around people she is comfortable with, she can be loud and energetic, but not often. She is often misunderstood and is very hard to understand. Beneath all that, she is a great person to go to for a talk.'

'Zion Kuwonu':
'He’s that fine lightskin nigga from this amazing boyband called prettymuch. He’s tall as fuck and has dreads. He loves liking ass pics on ig, and used to mess with that lil hoe malu trevehoeee. But aside from that shit, he has daquavis and all the beanz wanna give him a good suck. His goofy ass loves Fortnite and all I the beanz love him very much.'

'Zayden':
'He is so savage and will yeet your ankles'

'zor':
'The addition of leetness to a word.'

'Zeno':
'Legendary Status or God Like.'

'zaya':
'is a 10/10 girl. in other words a perfect girl. the word is mostly widely used in british slang.  '

'Zo':
'SomeOne From hati.Some one thats in Zo pound.'

'Zacky Vengeance':
'The rhythm guitarist for metalcore/punk/rock band Avenged Sevenfold. (Otherwise known as a7x). His real name is Zack Baker, and he was born in Orange Country, California.'

'Zena':
'A beautiful, funny, nice and caring person. Great in all aspects of life. Will kick ass if you mess with her friends! Usually very skinny and brown eyes. Awesome tastes in music and literature. Zena's are always right.'

'Zendaya':
'A famous singer and actress who stars in Disney shows such as, K.C. Undercover and Shake It Up, and also plays roles in Spiderman: Homecoming, and The Greatest Showman. She slays at literally everything and her dancing skills will kill you because she’s the queen of all things.'

'zev':
'loves banana pancakes and makes the cutest but most annoying faces. he loves crimes and food but mostly he loves being lazy. on top of all that he is the bestest friend in the whole world and is AWESOME!'

'zephyr':
'1) a light breeze 2) the west wind'

'Zazz':
'A quantifiable amount of something special.  The higher the amount the more likely it is to be successful and awesome. Dethklok are the only ones who know how much Zazz is required.'

'Ziyad':
'The best friend ever, he's only mean if you're mean to him.'

'Zone 6':
'Zone 6 is where a girl named vicky claims to be black and had a hard life in the hood'

'ZA WARUDO!':
'"ZA WARUDO!" (also known as The World) is a phrase that is used by DIO when activating is stand's power, which is time stopping. It is also used to call his stand, which is also named The World (surprise, surprise).Usually, the phrase "Toki wo tomare!" (Time will stop!) and a time stop effect (just imagine a fart sound, but a deep one, is layered over a remixed version of a ticking clock ) comes after "ZA WARUDO!" is screamed. After that, well time resumes (Soshite toki wa ugaki dasu)The phrase is also used by Jotaro in part 4 and 6 of the series, but with the addition of his stand's name which is Star Platinum : The World (Suta Purachinamu : Za Warudo)'

'ZOOBS':
'zebrafish boobs'

'Zoey 101':
'List of things to appear in a typical episode/complaints about the series in general 1. In every episode: A common high-school stereotype must be brought up and made fun up.2 In every episode: The "Paradise" of the school must be over-exaggerated.3. In every episode: Contest. Zoey wins. She gets the greatest prize ever. The end.Also:5: Everyone that Zoey hangs out with is sane. Everyone who she doesn't hang out with is either a nerd, a weirdo, a bully, a dork etc. (See number 1) 6. Some weird bright pink, jeep, scooter, bike...thing that Zoey feels the need to ride from one place to another, that's only about one foot from each other.7. PCA has their own News Channel, their own drink brand, their own movie theater and their own coffee stand...wtf?'

'zook':
'the process of one smelling so bad that everyone thinks that there is a dumpster coming, or oneself looking so ugly and so alien like that nobody wants to go near them unless they're sending them off to the moonBasically this word makes no sense at all, so it makes sense in every way you try to use it... you fuckin' zook'

'Zeb':
'A guy who has the same powers as James Bond'

'Zeta':
'a concept, heretics refer to it as a "function", in mathematics. the meaning of life and the universe and all. zeta will show the limits of the human mind. god.'

'zayd':
'a person that is kind, strong, funny;Looks for ways to help others'

'Zucker':
'To shoot and land a roofie like object into a girls cup from a distance'

'Zaki':
'A very cool guy who makes everyone laugh. Once you meet him, you will want to be his friend right away. He is super cute and very good-looking. He has amazing taste...in music, clothes, food, everything. shows that he has feelings for you sometimes, but then might just randomly stop talking to you at any time.halarious. full of charisma. you have to love him. boys are jealous of him. girls are jealous of the girl he is flirting with at the time..'

'zimzalabim':
'zimzalabim is a spell that is used in the red velvet cult. it is used to summon yeri's lines and wendy's forehead.'

'zealot':
'1. One who is overly religous, usually to an extreme. 2. An epic StarCraft unit that uses psionic blades and psi shields'

'zang':
'excellent.'

